------------------------------
Tue, Jun 04  2019
------------------------------
57 new papers today.

001__ Thinking Fast and Slow__arXiv:1906.00855
Author: Di Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00855
 Abstract: We introduce Deep Reasoning Networks (DRNets), an end-to-end framework that combines deep learning with reasoning for solving complex tasks, typically in an unsupervised or weakly-supervised setting. DRNets exploit problem structure and prior knowledge by tightly combining logic and constraint reasoning with stochastic-gradient-based neural network optimization. We illustrate the power of DRNets on de-mixing overlapping hand-written Sudokus (Multi-MNIST-Sudoku) and on a substantially more complex task in scientific discovery that concerns inferring crystal structures of materials from X-ray diffraction data under thermodynamic rules (Crystal-Structure-Phase-Mapping). At a high level, DRNets encode a structured latent space of the input data, which is constrained to adhere to prior knowledge by a reasoning module. The structured latent encoding is used by a generative decoder to generate the targeted output. Finally, an overall objective combines responses from the generative decoder (thinking fast) and the reasoning module (thinking slow), which is optimized using constraint-aware stochastic gradient descent. We show how to encode different tasks as DRNets and demonstrate DRNets' effectiveness with detailed experiments: DRNets significantly outperform the state of the art and experts' capabilities on Crystal-Structure-Phase-Mapping, recovering more precise and physically meaningful crystal structures. On Multi-MNIST-Sudoku, DRNets perfectly recovered the mixed Sudokus' digits, with 100% digit accuracy, outperforming the supervised state-of-the-art MNIST de-mixing models. Finally, as a proof of concept, we also show how DRNets can solve standard combinatorial problems -- 9-by-9 Sudoku puzzles and Boolean satisfiability problems (SAT), outperforming other specialized deep learning models. DRNets are general and can be adapted and expanded to tackle other tasks. 

002__ Hierarchical Decision Making by Generating and Following Natural  Language Instructions__arXiv:1906.00744
Author: Hengyuan Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00744
 Abstract: We explore using latent natural language instructions as an expressive and compositional representation of complex actions for hierarchical decision making. Rather than directly selecting micro-actions, our agent first generates a latent plan in natural language, which is then executed by a separate model. We introduce a challenging real-time strategy game environment in which the actions of a large number of units must be coordinated across long time scales. We gather a dataset of 76 thousand pairs of instructions and executions from human play, and train instructor and executor models. Experiments show that models using natural language as a latent variable significantly outperform models that directly imitate human actions. The compositional structure of language proves crucial to its effectiveness for action representation. We also release our code, models and data. 

003__ Kandinsky Patterns__arXiv:1906.00657
Author: Heimo Mueller
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00657
 Abstract: Kandinsky Figures and Kandinsky Patterns are mathematically describable, simple self-contained hence controllable test data sets for the development, validation and training of explainability in artificial intelligence. Whilst Kandinsky Patterns have these computationally manageable properties, they are at the same time easily distinguishable from human observers. Consequently, controlled patterns can be described by both humans and computers. We define a Kandinsky Pattern as a set of Kandinsky Figures, where for each figure an "infallible authority" defines that the figure belongs to the Kandinsky Pattern. With this simple principle we build training and validation data sets for automatic interpretability and context learning. In this paper we describe the basic idea and some underlying principles of Kandinsky Patterns and provide a Github repository to invite the international machine learning research community to a challenge to experiment with our Kandinsky Patterns to expand and thus make progress in the field of explainable AI and to contribute to the upcoming field of explainability and causability. 

004__ Federated Hierarchical Hybrid Networks for Clickbait Detection__arXiv:1906.00638
Author: Feng Liao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00638
 Abstract: Online media outlets adopt clickbait techniques to lure readers to click on articles in a bid to expand their reach and subsequently increase revenue through ad monetization. As the adverse effects of clickbait attract more and more attention, researchers have started to explore machine learning techniques to automatically detect clickbaits. Previous work on clickbait detection assumes that all the training data is available locally during training. In many real-world applications, however, training data is generally distributedly stored by different parties (e.g., different parties maintain data with different feature spaces), and the parties cannot share their data with each other due to data privacy issues. It is challenging to build models of high-quality federally for detecting clickbaits effectively without data sharing. In this paper, we propose a federated training framework, which is called federated hierarchical hybrid networks, to build clickbait detection models, where the titles and contents are stored by different parties, whose relationships must be exploited for clickbait detection. We empirically demonstrate that our approach is effective by comparing our approach to the state-of-the-art approaches using datasets from social media. 

005__ Reasoning about disclosure in data integration in the presence of source  constraints__arXiv:1906.00624
Author: Michael Benedikt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00624
 Abstract: Data integration systems allow users to access data sitting in multiple sources by means of queries over a global schema, related to the sources via mappings. Data sources often contain sensitive information, and thus an analysis is needed to verify that a schema satisfies a privacy policy, given as a set of queries whose answers should not be accessible to users. Such an analysis should take into account not only knowledge that an attacker may have about the mappings, but also what they may know about the semantics of the sources. In this paper, we show that source constraints can have a dramatic impact on disclosure analysis. We study the problem of determining whether a given data integration system discloses a source query to an attacker in the presence of constraints, providing both lower and upper bounds on source-aware disclosure analysis. 

006__ An Extensive Review of Computational Dance Automation Techniques and  Applications__arXiv:1906.00606
Author: Manish Joshi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00606
 Abstract: Dance is an art and when technology meets this kind of art, it's a novel attempt in itself. Several researchers have attempted to automate several aspects of dance, right from dance notation to choreography. Furthermore, we have encountered several applications of dance automation like e-learning, heritage preservation, etc. Despite several attempts by researchers for more than two decades in various styles of dance all round the world, we found a review paper that portrays the research status in this area dating to 1990 \cite{politis1990computers}. Hence, we decide to come up with a comprehensive review article that showcases several aspects of dance automation. This paper is an attempt to review research work reported in the literature, categorize and group all research work completed so far in the field of automating dance. We have explicitly identified six major categories corresponding to the use of computers in dance automation namely dance representation, dance capturing, dance semantics, dance generation, dance processing approaches and applications of dance automation systems. We classified several research papers under these categories according to their research approach and functionality. With the help of proposed categories and subcategories one can easily determine the state of research and the new avenues left for exploration in the field of dance automation. 

007__ Push and Pull Search Embedded in an M2M Framework for Solving  Constrained Multi-objective Optimization Problems__arXiv:1906.00402
Author: Zhun Fan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00402
 Abstract: In dealing with constrained multi-objective optimization problems (CMOPs), a key issue of multi-objective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) is to balance the convergence and diversity of working populations. 

008__ Sequential Scenario-Specific Meta Learner for Online Recommendation__arXiv:1906.00391
Author: Zhengxiao Du
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00391
 Abstract: Cold-start problems are long-standing challenges for practical recommendations. Most existing recommendation algorithms rely on extensive observed data and are brittle to recommendation scenarios with few interactions. This paper addresses such problems using few-shot learning and meta learning. Our approach is based on the insight that having a good generalization from a few examples relies on both a generic model initialization and an effective strategy for adapting this model to newly arising tasks. To accomplish this, we combine the scenario-specific learning with a model-agnostic sequential meta-learning and unify them into an integrated end-to-end framework, namely Scenario-specific Sequential Meta learner (or s^2 meta). By doing so, our meta-learner produces a generic initial model through aggregating contextual information from a variety of prediction tasks while effectively adapting to specific tasks by leveraging learning-to-learn knowledge. Extensive experiments on various real-world datasets demonstrate that our proposed model can achieve significant gains over the state-of-the-arts for cold-start problems in online recommendation. Deployment is at the Guess You Like session, the front page of the Mobile Taobao. 

009__ User Profile Feature-Based Approach to Address the Cold Start Problem in  Collaborative Filtering for Personalized Movie Recommendation__arXiv:1906.00365
Author: Lasitha Uyangoda
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00365
 Abstract: A huge amount of user generated content related to movies is created with the popularization of web 2.0. With these continues exponential growth of data, there is an inevitable need for recommender systems as people find it difficult to make informed and timely decisions. Movie recommendation systems assist users to find the next interest or the best recommendation. In this proposed approach the authors apply the relationship of user feature-scores derived from user-item interaction via ratings to optimize the prediction algorithm's input parameters used in the recommender system to improve the accuracy of predictions when there are less past user records. This addresses a major drawback in collaborative filtering, the cold start problem by showing an improvement of 8.4% compared to the base collaborative filtering algorithm. The user-feature generation and evaluation of the system is carried out using the 'MovieLens 100k dataset'. The proposed system can be generalized to other domains as well. 

010__ Does It Make Sense? And Why? A Pilot Study for Sense Making and  Explanation__arXiv:1906.00363
Author: Cunxiang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00363
 Abstract: Introducing common sense to natural language understanding systems has received increasing research attention. It remains a fundamental question on how to evaluate whether a system has a sense making capability. Existing benchmarks measures commonsense knowledge indirectly and without explanation. In this paper, we release a benchmark to directly test whether a system can differentiate natural language statements that make sense from those that do not make sense. In addition, a system is asked to identify the most crucial reason why a statement does not make sense. We evaluate models trained over large-scale language modeling tasks as well as human performance, showing that there are different challenges for system sense making. 

011__ Pre-training of Graph Augmented Transformers for Medication  Recommendation__arXiv:1906.00346
Author: Junyuan Shang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00346
 Abstract: Medication recommendation is an important healthcare application. It is commonly formulated as a temporal prediction task. Hence, most existing works only utilize longitudinal electronic health records (EHRs) from a small number of patients with multiple visits ignoring a large number of patients with a single visit (selection bias). Moreover, important hierarchical knowledge such as diagnosis hierarchy is not leveraged in the representation learning process. To address these challenges, we propose G-BERT, a new model to combine the power of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) and BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) for medical code representation and medication recommendation. We use GNNs to represent the internal hierarchical structures of medical codes. Then we integrate the GNN representation into a transformer-based visit encoder and pre-train it on EHR data from patients only with a single visit. The pre-trained visit encoder and representation are then fine-tuned for downstream predictive tasks on longitudinal EHRs from patients with multiple visits. G-BERT is the first to bring the language model pre-training schema into the healthcare domain and it achieved state-of-the-art performance on the medication recommendation task. 

012__ The Principle of Unchanged Optimality in Reinforcement Learning  Generalization__arXiv:1906.00336
Author: Alex Irpan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00336
 Abstract: Several recent papers have examined generalization in reinforcement learning (RL), by proposing new environments or ways to add noise to existing environments, then benchmarking algorithms and model architectures on those environments. We discuss subtle conceptual properties of RL benchmarks that are not required in supervised learning (SL), and also properties that an RL benchmark should possess. Chief among them is one we call the principle of unchanged optimality: there should exist a single $\pi$ that is optimal across all train and test tasks. In this work, we argue why this principle is important, and ways it can be broken or satisfied due to subtle choices in state representation or model architecture. We conclude by discussing challenges and future lines of research in theoretically analyzing generalization benchmarks. 

013__ Exploring and Understanding Neural Networks by  Comparing Activation Distributions__arXiv:1906.00332
Author: Haekyu Park
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00332
 Abstract: As deep neural networks are increasingly used in solving high-stake problems, there is a pressing need to understand their internal decision mechanisms. Visualization has helped address this problem by assisting with interpreting complex deep neural networks. However, current tools often support only single data instances, or visualize layers in isolation. We present NeuralDivergence, an interactive visualization system that uses activation distributions as a high-level summary of what a model has learned. NeuralDivergence enables users to interactively summarize and compare activation distributions across layers, classes, and instances (e.g., pairs of adversarial attacked and benign images), helping them gain better understanding of neural network models. 

014__ Question Answering as an Automatic Evaluation Metric for News Article  Summarization__arXiv:1906.00318
Author: Matan Eyal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00318
 Abstract: Recent work in the field of automatic summarization and headline generation focuses on maximizing ROUGE scores for various news datasets. We present an alternative, extrinsic, evaluation metric for this task, Answering Performance for Evaluation of Summaries. APES utilizes recent progress in the field of reading-comprehension to quantify the ability of a summary to answer a set of manually created questions regarding central entities in the source article. We first analyze the strength of this metric by comparing it to known manual evaluation metrics. We then present an end-to-end neural abstractive model that maximizes APES, while increasing ROUGE scores to competitive results. 

015__ Automated Video Game Testing Using Synthetic and Human-Like Agents__arXiv:1906.00317
Author: Sinan Ariyurek
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00317
 Abstract: In this paper, we present a new methodology that employs tester agents to automate video game testing. We introduce two types of agents -synthetic and human-like- and two distinct approaches to create them. Our agents are derived from Reinforcement Learning (RL) and Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS) agents, but focus on finding defects. The synthetic agent uses test goals generated from game scenarios, and these goals are further modified to examine the effects of unintended game transitions. The human-like agent uses test goals extracted by our proposed multiple greedy-policy inverse reinforcement learning (MGP-IRL) algorithm from tester trajectories. MGPIRL captures multiple policies executed by human testers. These testers' aims are finding defects while interacting with the game to break it, which is considerably different from game playing. We present interaction states to model such interactions. We use our agents to produce test sequences, run the game with these sequences, and check the game for each run with an automated test oracle. We analyze the proposed method in two parts: we compare the success of human-like and synthetic agents in bug finding, and we evaluate the similarity between humanlike agents and human testers. We collected 427 trajectories from human testers using the General Video Game Artificial Intelligence (GVG-AI) framework and created three games with 12 levels that contain 45 bugs. Our experiments reveal that human-like and synthetic agents compete with human testers' bug finding performances. Moreover, we show that MGP-IRL increases the human-likeness of agents while improving the bug finding performance. 

016__ Smoothing Structured Decomposable Circuits__arXiv:1906.00311
Author: Andy Shih
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00311
 Abstract: We study the task of smoothing a circuit, i.e., ensuring that all children of a plus-gate mention the same variables. Circuits serve as the building blocks of state-of-the-art inference algorithms on discrete probabilistic graphical models and probabilistic programs. They are also important for discrete density estimation algorithms. Many of these tasks require the input circuit to be smooth. However, smoothing has not been studied in its own right yet, and only a trivial quadratic algorithm is known. This paper studies efficient smoothing for structured decomposable circuits. We propose a near-linear time algorithm for this task and explore lower bounds for smoothing general circuits, using existing results on range-sum queries. Further, for the important special case of All-Marginals, we show a more efficient linear-time algorithm. We validate experimentally the performance of our methods. 

017__ Siamese recurrent networks learn first-order logic reasoning and exhibit  zero-shot compositional generalization__arXiv:1906.00180
Author: Mathijs Mul
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00180
 Abstract: Can neural nets learn logic? We approach this classic question with current methods, and demonstrate that recurrent neural networks can learn to recognize first order logical entailment relations between expressions. We define an artificial language in first-order predicate logic, generate a large dataset of sample 'sentences', and use an automatic theorem prover to infer the relation between random pairs of such sentences. We describe a Siamese neural architecture trained to predict the logical relation, and experiment with recurrent and recursive networks. Siamese Recurrent Networks are surprisingly successful at the entailment recognition task, reaching near perfect performance on novel sentences (consisting of known words), and even outperforming recursive networks. We report a series of experiments to test the ability of the models to perform compositional generalization. In particular, we study how they deal with sentences of unseen length, and sentences containing unseen words. We show that set-ups using LSTMs and GRUs obtain high scores on these tests, demonstrating a form of compositionality. 

018__ Synthesizing Datalog Programs using Numerical Relaxation__arXiv:1906.00163
Author: Xujie Si
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00163
 Abstract: The problem of learning logical rules from examples arises in diverse fields, including program synthesis, logic programming, and machine learning. Existing approaches either involve solving computationally difficult combinatorial problems, or performing parameter estimation in complex statistical models. In this paper, we present Difflog, a technique to extend the logic programming language Datalog to the continuous setting. By attaching real-valued weights to individual rules of a Datalog program, we naturally associate numerical values with individual conclusions of the program. Analogous to the strategy of numerical relaxation in optimization problems, we can now first determine the rule weights which cause the best agreement between the training labels and the induced values of output tuples, and subsequently recover the classical discrete-valued target program from the continuous optimum. We evaluate Difflog on a suite of 34 benchmark problems from recent literature in knowledge discovery, formal verification, and database query-by-example, and demonstrate significant improvements in learning complex programs with recursive rules, invented predicates, and relations of arbitrary arity. 

019__ Promotion of Answer Value Measurement with Domain Effects in Community  Question Answering Systems__arXiv:1906.00156
Author: Binbin Jin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00156
 Abstract: In the area of community question answering (CQA), answer selection and answer ranking are two tasks which are applied to help users quickly access valuable answers. Existing solutions mainly exploit the syntactic or semantic correlation between a question and its related answers (Q&A), where the multi-facet domain effects in CQA are still underexplored. In this paper, we propose a unified model, Enhanced Attentive Recurrent Neural Network (EARNN), for both answer selection and answer ranking tasks by taking full advantages of both Q&A semantics and multi-facet domain effects (i.e., topic effects and timeliness). Specifically, we develop a serialized LSTM to learn the unified representations of Q&A, where two attention mechanisms at either sentence-level or word-level are designed for capturing the deep effects of topics. Meanwhile, the emphasis of Q&A can be automatically distinguished. Furthermore, we design a time-sensitive ranking function to model the timeliness in CQA. To effectively train EARNN, a question-dependent pairwise learning strategy is also developed. Finally, we conduct extensive experiments on a real-world dataset from Quora. Experimental results validate the effectiveness and interpretability of our proposed EARNN model. 

020__ Decision-Making in Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.00131
Author: Arsh Javed Rehman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00131
 Abstract: In this research work, probabilistic decision-making approaches are studied, e.g. Bayesian and Boltzmann strategies, along with various deterministic exploration strategies, e.g. greedy, epsilon-Greedy and random approaches. In this research work, a comparative study has been done between probabilistic and deterministic decision-making approaches, the experiments are performed in OpenAI gym environment, solving Cart Pole problem. This research work discusses about the Bayesian approach to decision-making in deep reinforcement learning, and about dropout, how it can reduce the computational cost. All the exploration approaches are compared. It also discusses about the importance of exploration in deep reinforcement learning, and how improving exploration strategies may help in science and technology. This research work shows how probabilistic decision-making approaches are better in the long run as compared to the deterministic approaches. When there is uncertainty, Bayesian dropout approach proved to be better than all other approaches in this research work. 

021__ Model Agnostic Contrastive Explanations for Structured Data__arXiv:1906.00117
Author: Amit Dhurandhar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00117
 Abstract: Recently, a method [7] was proposed to generate contrastive explanations for differentiable models such as deep neural networks, where one has complete access to the model. In this work, we propose a method, Model Agnostic Contrastive Explanations Method (MACEM), to generate contrastive explanations for \emph{any} classification model where one is able to \emph{only} query the class probabilities for a desired input. This allows us to generate contrastive explanations for not only neural networks, but models such as random forests, boosted trees and even arbitrary ensembles that are still amongst the state-of-the-art when learning on structured data [13]. Moreover, to obtain meaningful explanations we propose a principled approach to handle real and categorical features leading to novel formulations for computing pertinent positives and negatives that form the essence of a contrastive explanation. A detailed treatment of the different data types of this nature was not performed in the previous work, which assumed all features to be positive real valued with zero being indicative of the least interesting value. We part with this strong implicit assumption and generalize these methods so as to be applicable across a much wider range of problem settings. We quantitatively and qualitatively validate our approach over 5 public datasets covering diverse domains. 

022__ An Answer Set Programming Based Online  Abduction Framework for Visual Sensemaking in Autonomous Driving__arXiv:1906.00107
Author: Jakob Suchan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00107
 Abstract: We demonstrate the need and potential of systematically integrated vision and semantics} solutions for visual sensemaking (in the backdrop of autonomous driving). A general method for online visual sensemaking using answer set programming is systematically formalised and fully implemented. The method integrates state of the art in (deep learning based) visual computing, and is developed as a modular framework usable within hybrid architectures for perception & control. We evaluate and demo with community established benchmarks KITTIMOD and MOT. As use-case, we focus on the significance of human-centred visual sensemaking ---e.g., semantic representation and explainability, question-answering, commonsense interpolation--- in safety-critical autonomous driving situations. 

023__ Deep Learning Recommendation Model for Personalization and  Recommendation Systems__arXiv:1906.00091
Author: Maxim Naumov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00091
 Abstract: With the advent of deep learning, neural network-based recommendation models have emerged as an important tool for tackling personalization and recommendation tasks. These networks differ significantly from other deep learning networks due to their need to handle categorical features and are not well studied or understood. In this paper, we develop a state-of-the-art deep learning recommendation model (DLRM) and provide its implementation in both PyTorch and Caffe2 frameworks. In addition, we design a specialized parallelization scheme utilizing model parallelism on the embedding tables to mitigate memory constraints while exploiting data parallelism to scale-out compute from the fully-connected layers. We compare DLRM against existing recommendation models and characterize its performance on the Big Basin AI platform, demonstrating its usefulness as a benchmark for future algorithmic experimentation and system co-design. 

024__ Learning Interpretable Shapelets for Time Series Classification through  Adversarial Regularization__arXiv:1906.00917
Author: Yichang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00917
 Abstract: Times series classification can be successfully tackled by jointly learning a shapelet-based representation of the series in the dataset and classifying the series according to this representation. However, although the learned shapelets are discriminative, they are not always similar to pieces of a real series in the dataset. This makes it difficult to interpret the decision, i.e. difficult to analyze if there are particular behaviors in a series that triggered the decision. In this paper, we make use of a simple convolutional network to tackle the time series classification task and we introduce an adversarial regularization to constrain the model to learn more interpretable shapelets. Our classification results on all the usual time series benchmarks are comparable with the results obtained by similar state-of-the-art algorithms but our adversarially regularized method learns shapelets that are, by design, interpretable. 

025__ Phase-based Minimalist Parsing and complexity in non-local dependencies__arXiv:1906.00908
Author: Cristiano Chesi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00908
 Abstract: A cognitively plausible parsing algorithm should perform like the human parser in critical contexts. Here I propose an adaptation of Earley's parsing algorithm, suitable for Phase-based Minimalist Grammars (PMG, Chesi 2012), that is able to predict complexity effects in performance. Focusing on self-paced reading experiments of object clefts sentences (Warren & Gibson 2005) I will associate to parsing a complexity metric based on cued features to be retrieved at the verb segment (Feature Retrieval & Encoding Cost, FREC). FREC is crucially based on the usage of memory predicted by the discussed parsing algorithm and it correctly fits with the reading time revealed. 

026__ A Progressive Learning Approach for  Zero-resource Machine Translation with Visual Pivots__arXiv:1906.00872
Author: Shizhe Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00872
 Abstract: The neural machine translation model has suffered from the lack of large-scale parallel corpora. In contrast, we humans can learn multi-lingual translations even without parallel texts by referring our languages to the external world. To mimic such human learning behavior, we employ images as pivots to enable zero-resource translation learning. However, a picture tells a thousand words, which makes multi-lingual sentences pivoted by the same image noisy as mutual translations and thus hinders the translation model learning. In this work, we propose a progressive learning approach for image-pivoted zero-resource machine translation. Since words are less diverse when grounded in the image, we first learn word-level translation with image pivots, and then progress to learn the sentence-level translation by utilizing the learned word translation to suppress noises in image-pivoted multi-lingual sentences. Experimental results on two widely used image-pivot translation datasets, IAPR-TC12 and Multi30k, show that the proposed approach significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art methods. 

027__ elf-Guided Eye Manipulation in the wild using  Self-Supervised Generative Adversarial Networks__arXiv:1906.00805
Author: Jichao Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00805
 Abstract: Gaze correction aims to redirect the person's gaze into the camera by manipulating the eye region, and it can be considered as a specific image resynthesis problem. Gaze correction has a wide range of applications in real life, such as taking a picture with staring at the camera. In this paper, we propose a novel method that is based on the inpainting model to learn from the face image to fill in the missing eye regions with new contents representing corrected eye gaze. Moreover, our model does not require the training dataset labeled with the specific head pose and eye angle information, thus, the training data is easy to collect. To retain the identity information of the eye region in the original input, we propose a self-guided pretrained model to learn the angle-invariance feature. Experiments show our model achieves very compelling gaze-corrected results in the wild dataset which is collected from the website and will be introduced in details. Code is available at this https URL 

028__ Dynamic Service Composition Orchestrated by Cognitive Agents in Mobile &  Pervasive Computing__arXiv:1906.00772
Author: Oscar J. Romero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00772
 Abstract: Automatic service composition in mobile and pervasive computing faces many challenges due to the complex nature of the environment. Common approaches address service composition from optimization perspectives which are not feasible in practice due to the intractability of the problem, limited computational resources of smart devices, service host's mobility, and time constraints. Our main contribution is the development of a cognitively-inspired agent-based service composition model focused on bounded rationality rather than optimality, which allows the system to compensate for limited resources by selectively filtering out continuous streams of data. The evaluation of our approach shows promising results when compared against state-of-the-art service composition models. 

029__ A Deep Reinforcement Learning  Based Approach__arXiv:1906.00767
Author: Yue Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00767
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) based mobility load balancing (MLB) algorithm along with a two-layer architecture to solve the large-scale load balancing problem for ultra-dense networks (UDNs). Our contribution is three-fold. First, this work proposes a two-layer architecture to solve the large-scale load balancing problem in a self-organized manner. The proposed architecture can alleviate the global traffic variations by dynamically grouping small cells into self-organized clusters according to their historical loads, and further adapt to local traffic variations through intra-cluster load balancing afterwards. Second, for the intra-cluster load balancing, this paper proposes an off-policy DRL-based MLB algorithm to autonomously learn the optimal MLB policy under an asynchronous parallel learning framework, without any prior knowledge assumed over the underlying UDN environments. Moreover, the algorithm enables joint exploration with multiple behavior policies, such that the traditional MLB methods can be used to guide the learning process thereby improving the learning efficiency and stability. Third, this work proposes an offline-evaluation based safeguard mechanism to ensure that the online system can always operate with the optimal and well-trained MLB policy, which not only stabilizes the online performance but also enables the exploration beyond current policies to make full use of machine learning in a safe way. Empirical results verify that the proposed framework outperforms the existing MLB methods in general UDN environments featured with irregular network topologies, coupled interferences, and random user movements, in terms of the load balancing performance. 

030__ Achieving Generalizable Robustness of Deep Neural Networks by Stability  Training__arXiv:1906.00735
Author: Jan Laermann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00735
 Abstract: We study the recently introduced stability training as a general-purpose method to increase the robustness of deep neural networks against input perturbations. In particular, we explore its use as an alternative to data augmentation and validate its performance against a number of distortion types and transformations including adversarial examples. In our ImageNet-scale image classification experiments stability training performs on a par or even outperforms data augmentation for specific transformations, while consistently offering improved robustness against a broader range of distortion strengths and types unseen during training, a considerably smaller hyperparameter dependence and less potentially negative side effects compared to data augmentation. 

031__ Continual learning with hypernetworks__arXiv:1906.00695
Author: Johannes von Oswald
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00695
 Abstract: Artificial neural networks suffer from catastrophic forgetting when they are sequentially trained on multiple tasks. To overcome this problem, we present a novel approach based on task-conditioned hypernetworks, i.e., networks that generate the weights of a target model based on task identity. Continual learning (CL) is less difficult for this class of models thanks to a simple key observation: instead of relying on recalling the input-output relations of all previously seen data, task-conditioned hypernetworks only require rehearsing previous weight realizations, which can be maintained in memory using a simple regularizer. Besides achieving good performance on standard CL benchmarks, additional experiments on long task sequences reveal that task-conditioned hypernetworks display an unprecedented capacity to retain previous memories. Notably, such long memory lifetimes are achieved in a compressive regime, when the number of trainable weights is comparable or smaller than target network size. We provide insight into the structure of low-dimensional task embedding spaces (the input space of the hypernetwork) and show that task-conditioned hypernetworks demonstrate transfer learning properties. Finally, forward information transfer is further supported by empirical results on a challenging CL benchmark based on the CIFAR-10/100 image datasets. 

032__ Relation Embedding with Dihedral Group in Knowledge Graph__arXiv:1906.00687
Author: Canran Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00687
 Abstract: Link prediction is critical for the application of incomplete knowledge graph (KG) in the downstream tasks. As a family of effective approaches for link predictions, embedding methods try to learn low-rank representations for both entities and relations such that the bilinear form defined therein is a well-behaved scoring function. Despite of their successful performances, existing bilinear forms overlook the modeling of relation compositions, resulting in lacks of interpretability for reasoning on KG. To fulfill this gap, we propose a new model called DihEdral, named after dihedral symmetry group. This new model learns knowledge graph embeddings that can capture relation compositions by nature. Furthermore, our approach models the relation embeddings parametrized by discrete values, thereby decrease the solution space drastically. Our experiments show that DihEdral is able to capture all desired properties such as (skew-) symmetry, inversion and (non-) Abelian composition, and outperforms existing bilinear form based approach and is comparable to or better than deep learning models such as ConvE. 

033__ A Study on Wind and Photovoltaic__arXiv:1906.00662
Author: Jens Schreiber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00662
 Abstract: For the integration of renewable energy sources, power grid operators need realistic information about the effects of energy production and consumption to assess grid stability. Recently, research in scenario planning benefits from utilizing generative adversarial networks (GANs) as generative models for operational scenario planning. In these scenarios, operators examine temporal as well as spatial influences of different energy sources on the grid. The analysis of how renewable energy resources affect the grid enables the operators to evaluate the stability and to identify potential weak points such as a limiting transformer. However, due to their novelty, there are limited studies on how well GANs model the underlying power distribution. This analysis is essential because, e.g., especially extreme situations with low or high power generation are required to evaluate grid stability. We conduct a comparative study of the Wasserstein distance, binary-cross-entropy loss, and a Gaussian copula as the baseline applied on two wind and two solar datasets with limited data compared to previous studies. Both GANs achieve good results considering the limited amount of data, but the Wasserstein GAN is superior in modeling temporal and spatial relations, and the power distribution. Besides evaluating the generated power distribution over all farms, it is essential to assess terrain specific distributions for wind scenarios. These terrain specific power distributions affect the grid by their differences in their generating power magnitude. Therefore, in a second study, we show that even when simultaneously learning distributions from wind parks with terrain specific patterns, GANs are capable of modeling these individualities also when faced with limited data. 

034__ How Much Does Audio Matter to Recognize Egocentric Object Interactions?__arXiv:1906.00634
Author: Alejandro Cartas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00634
 Abstract: Sounds are an important source of information on our daily interactions with objects. For instance, a significant amount of people can discern the temperature of water that it is being poured just by using the sense of hearing. However, only a few works have explored the use of audio for the classification of object interactions in conjunction with vision or as single modality. In this preliminary work, we propose an audio model for egocentric action recognition and explore its usefulness on the parts of the problem (noun, verb, and action classification). Our model achieves a competitive result in terms of verb classification (34.26% accuracy) on a standard benchmark with respect to vision-based state of the art systems, using a comparatively lighter architecture. 

035__ Assessing the Ability of Self-Attention Networks to Learn Word Order__arXiv:1906.00592
Author: Baosong Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00592
 Abstract: Self-attention networks (SAN) have attracted a lot of interests due to their high parallelization and strong performance on a variety of NLP tasks, e.g. machine translation. Due to the lack of recurrence structure such as recurrent neural networks (RNN), SAN is ascribed to be weak at learning positional information of words for sequence modeling. However, neither this speculation has been empirically confirmed, nor explanations for their strong performances on machine translation tasks when "lacking positional information" have been explored. To this end, we propose a novel word reordering detection task to quantify how well the word order information learned by SAN and RNN. Specifically, we randomly move one word to another position, and examine whether a trained model can detect both the original and inserted positions. Experimental results reveal that: 1) SAN trained on word reordering detection indeed has difficulty learning the positional information even with the position embedding; and 2) SAN trained on machine translation learns better positional information than its RNN counterpart, in which position embedding plays a critical role. Although recurrence structure make the model more universally-effective on learning word order, learning objectives matter more in the downstream tasks such as machine translation. error here, check on website.

037__ Massive Styles Transfer with Limited Labeled Data__arXiv:1906.00580
Author: Hongyu Zang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00580
 Abstract: Language style transfer has attracted more and more attention in the past few years. Recent researches focus on improving neural models targeting at transferring from one style to the other with labeled data. However, transferring across multiple styles is often very useful in real-life applications. Previous researches of language style transfer have two main deficiencies: dependency on massive labeled data and neglect of mutual influence among different style transfer tasks. In this paper, we propose a multi-agent style transfer system (MAST) for addressing multiple style transfer tasks with limited labeled data, by leveraging abundant unlabeled data and the mutual benefit among the multiple styles. A style transfer agent in our system not only learns from unlabeled data by using techniques like denoising auto-encoder and back-translation, but also learns to cooperate with other style transfer agents in a self-organization manner. We conduct our experiments by simulating a set of real-world style transfer tasks with multiple versions of the Bible. Our model significantly outperforms the other competitive methods. Extensive results and analysis further verify the efficacy of our proposed system. 

038__ Generative Adversarial Networks for Distributed Intrusion Detection in  the Internet of Things__arXiv:1906.00567
Author: Aidin Ferdowsi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00567
 Abstract: To reap the benefits of the Internet of Things (IoT), it is imperative to secure the system against cyber attacks in order to enable mission critical and real-time applications. To this end, intrusion detection systems (IDSs) have been widely used to detect anomalies caused by a cyber attacker in IoT systems. However, due to the large-scale nature of the IoT, an IDS must operate in a distributed manner with minimum dependence on a central controller. Moreover, in many scenarios such as health and financial applications, the datasets are private and IoTDs may not intend to share such data. To this end, in this paper, a distributed generative adversarial network (GAN) is proposed to provide a fully distributed IDS for the IoT so as to detect anomalous behavior without reliance on any centralized controller. In this architecture, every IoTD can monitor its own data as well as neighbor IoTDs to detect internal and external attacks. In addition, the proposed distributed IDS does not require sharing the datasets between the IoTDs, thus, it can be implemented in IoTs that preserve the privacy of user data such as health monitoring systems or financial applications. It is shown analytically that the proposed distributed GAN has higher accuracy of detecting intrusion compared to a standalone IDS that has access to only a single IoTD dataset. Simulation results show that, the proposed distributed GAN-based IDS has up to 20% higher accuracy, 25% higher precision, and 60% lower false positive rate compared to a standalone GAN-based IDS. 

039__ Towards Interactive Training of Non-Player Characters in Video Games__arXiv:1906.00535
Author: Igor Borovikov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00535
 Abstract: There is a high demand for high-quality Non-Player Characters (NPCs) in video games. Hand-crafting their behavior is a labor intensive and error prone engineering process with limited controls exposed to the game designers. We propose to create such NPC behaviors interactively by training an agent in the target environment using imitation learning with a human in the loop. While traditional behavior cloning may fall short of achieving the desired performance, we show that interactivity can substantially improve it with a modest amount of human efforts. The model we train is a multi-resolution ensemble of Markov models, which can be used as is or can be further "compressed" into a more compact model for inference on consumer devices. We illustrate our approach on an example in OpenAI Gym, where a human can help to quickly train an agent with only a handful of interactive demonstrations. We also outline our experiments with NPC training for a first-person shooter game currently in development. 

040__ Budgeted Policy Learning for Task-Oriented Dialogue Systems__arXiv:1906.00499
Author: Zhirui Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00499
 Abstract: This paper presents a new approach that extends Deep Dyna-Q (DDQ) by incorporating a Budget-Conscious Scheduling (BCS) to best utilize a fixed, small amount of user interactions (budget) for learning task-oriented dialogue agents. BCS consists of (1) a Poisson-based global scheduler to allocate budget over different stages of training; (2) a controller to decide at each training step whether the agent is trained using real or simulated experiences; (3) a user goal sampling module to generate the experiences that are most effective for policy learning. Experiments on a movie-ticket booking task with simulated and real users show that our approach leads to significant improvements in success rate over the state-of-the-art baselines given the fixed budget. 

041__ An Empirical Study on Hyperparameters and their Interdependence for RL  Generalization__arXiv:1906.00431
Author: Xingyou Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00431
 Abstract: Recent results in Reinforcement Learning (RL) have shown that agents with limited training environments are susceptible to a large amount of overfitting across many domains. A key challenge for RL generalization is to quantitatively explain the effects of changing parameters on testing performance. Such parameters include architecture, regularization, and RL-dependent variables such as discount factor and action stochasticity. We provide empirical results that show complex and interdependent relationships between hyperparameters and generalization. We further show that several empirical metrics such as gradient cosine similarity and trajectory-dependent metrics serve to provide intuition towards these results. 

042__ Inverse Reinforcement Learning with Preferences  and Constraints__arXiv:1906.00429
Author: Sebastian Tschiatschek
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00429
 Abstract: Inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) enables an agent to learn complex behavior by observing demonstrations from a (near-)optimal policy. The typical assumption is that the learner's goal is to match the teacher's demonstrated behavior. In this paper, we consider the setting where the learner has her own preferences that she additionally takes into consideration. These preferences can for example capture behavioral biases, mismatched worldviews, or physical constraints. We study two teaching approaches: learner-agnostic teaching, where the teacher provides demonstrations from an optimal policy ignoring the learner's preferences, and learner-aware teaching, where the teacher accounts for the learner's preferences. We design learner-aware teaching algorithms and show that significant performance improvements can be achieved over learner-agnostic teaching. 

043__ Pretraining Methods for Dialog Context Representation Learning__arXiv:1906.00414
Author: Shikib Mehri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00414
 Abstract: This paper examines various unsupervised pretraining objectives for learning dialog context representations. Two novel methods of pretraining dialog context encoders are proposed, and a total of four methods are examined. Each pretraining objective is fine-tuned and evaluated on a set of downstream dialog tasks using the MultiWoz dataset and strong performance improvement is observed. Further evaluation shows that our pretraining objectives result in not only better performance, but also better convergence, models that are less data hungry and have better domain generalizability. 

044__ Mobile Edge Intelligence and Computing for the Internet of Vehicles__arXiv:1906.00400
Author: Jun Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00400
 Abstract: The Internet of Vehicles (IoV) is an emerging paradigm, driven by recent advancements in vehicular communications and networking. Advances in research can now provide reliable communication links between vehicles, via vehicle-to-vehicle communications, and between vehicles and roadside infrastructures, via vehicle-to-infrastructure communications. Meanwhile, the capability and intelligence of vehicles are being rapidly enhanced, and this will have the potential of supporting a plethora of new exciting applications, which will integrate fully autonomous vehicles, the Internet of Things (IoT), and the environment. These trends will bring about an era of intelligent IoV, which will heavily depend upon communications, computing, and data analytics technologies. To store and process the massive amount of data generated by intelligent IoV, onboard processing and Cloud computing will not be sufficient, due to resource/power constraints and communication overhead/latency, respectively. By deploying storage and computing resources at the wireless network edge, e.g., radio access points, the edge information system (EIS), including edge caching, edge computing, and edge AI, will play a key role in the future intelligent IoV. Such system will provide not only low-latency content delivery and computation services, but also localized data acquisition, aggregation and processing. This article surveys the latest development in EIS for intelligent IoV. Key design issues, methodologies and hardware platforms are introduced. In particular, typical use cases for intelligent vehicles are illustrated, including edge-assisted perception, mapping, and localization. In addition, various open research problems are identified. 

045__ Adaptive Online Learning for Gradient-Based Optimizers__arXiv:1906.00290
Author: Saeed Masoudian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00290
 Abstract: As application demands for online convex optimization accelerate, the need for designing new methods that simultaneously cover a large class of convex functions and impose the lowest possible regret is highly rising. Known online optimization methods usually perform well only in specific settings, and their performance depends highly on the geometry of the decision space and cost functions. However, in practice, lack of such geometric information leads to confusion in using the appropriate algorithm. To address this issue, some adaptive methods have been proposed that focus on adaptively learning parameters such as step size, Lipschitz constant, and strong convexity coefficient, or on specific parametric families such as quadratic regularizers. In this work, we generalize these methods and propose a framework that competes with the best algorithm in a family of expert algorithms. Our framework includes many of the well-known adaptive methods including MetaGrad, MetaGrad+C, and Ader. We also introduce a second algorithm that computationally outperforms our first algorithm with at most a constant factor increase in regret. Finally, as a representative application of our proposed algorithm, we study the problem of learning the best regularizer from a family of regularizers for Online Mirror Descent. Empirically, we support our theoretical findings in the problem of learning the best regularizer on the simplex and $l_2$-ball in a multiclass learning problem. 

046__ RGB and LiDAR fusion based 3D Semantic Segmentation for Autonomous  Driving__arXiv:1906.00208
Author: Khaled El Madawy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00208
 Abstract: LiDAR has become a standard sensor for autonomous driving applications as they provide highly precise 3D point clouds. LiDAR is also robust for low-light scenarios at night-time or due to shadows where the performance of cameras is degraded. LiDAR perception is gradually becoming mature for algorithms including object detection and SLAM. However, semantic segmentation algorithm remains to be relatively less explored. Motivated by the fact that semantic segmentation is a mature algorithm on image data, we explore sensor fusion based 3D segmentation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt at RGB and LiDAR based 3D segmentation for autonomous driving. Our main contribution is to convert the RGB image to a polar-grid mapping representation used for LiDAR and design early and mid-level fusion architectures. Additionally, we design a hybrid fusion architecture that combines both fusion algorithms. We evaluate our algorithm on KITTI dataset which provides segmentation annotation for cars, pedestrians and cyclists. We evaluate two state-of-the-art architectures namely SqueezeSeg and PointSeg and improve the mIoU score by 10 % in both cases relative to the LiDAR only baseline. 

047__ Neural Replicator Dynamics__arXiv:1906.00190
Author: Shayegan Omidshafiei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00190
 Abstract: In multiagent learning, agents interact in inherently nonstationary environments due to their concurrent policy updates. It is, therefore, paramount to develop and analyze algorithms that learn effectively despite these nonstationarities. A number of works have successfully conducted this analysis under the lens of evolutionary game theory (EGT), wherein a population of individuals interact and evolve based on biologically-inspired operators. These studies have mainly focused on establishing connections to value-iteration based approaches in stateless or tabular games. We extend this line of inquiry to formally establish links between EGT and policy gradient (PG) methods, which have been extensively applied in single and multiagent learning. We pinpoint weaknesses of the commonly-used softmax PG algorithm in adversarial and nonstationary settings and contrast PG's behavior to that predicted by replicator dynamics (RD), a central model in EGT. We consequently provide theoretical results that establish links between EGT and PG methods, then derive Neural Replicator Dynamics (NeuRD), a parameterized version of RD that constitutes a novel method with several advantages. First, as NeuRD reduces to the well-studied no-regret Hedge algorithm in the tabular setting, it inherits no-regret guarantees that enable convergence to equilibria in games. Second, NeuRD is shown to be more adaptive to nonstationarity, in comparison to PG, when learning in canonical games and imperfect information benchmarks including Poker. Thirdly, modifying any PG-based algorithm to use the NeuRD update rule is straightforward and incurs no added computational costs. Finally, while single-agent learning is not the main focus of the paper, we verify empirically that NeuRD is competitive in these settings with a recent baseline algorithm. 

048__ Average-case Analysis of the Assignment Problem with Independent  Preferences__arXiv:1906.00182
Author: Yansong Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00182
 Abstract: The fundamental assignment problem is in search of welfare maximization mechanisms to allocate items to agents when the private preferences over indivisible items are provided by self-interested agents. The mainstream mechanism \textit{Random Priority} is asymptotically the best mechanism for this purpose, when comparing its welfare to the optimal social welfare using the canonical \textit{worst-case approximation ratio}. Despite its popularity, the efficiency loss indicated by the worst-case ratio does not have a constant bound. Recently, [Deng, Gao, Zhang 2017] show that when the agents' preferences are drawn from a uniform distribution, its \textit{average-case approximation ratio} is upper bounded by 3.718. They left it as an open question of whether a constant ratio holds for general scenarios. In this paper, we offer an affirmative answer to this question by showing that the ratio is bounded by $1/\mu$ when the preference values are independent and identically distributed random variables, where $\mu$ is the expectation of the value distribution. This upper bound also improves the upper bound of 3.718 in [Deng, Gao, Zhang 2017] for the Uniform distribution. Moreover, under mild conditions, the ratio has a \textit{constant} bound for any independent random values. En route to these results, we develop powerful tools to show the insights that in most instances the efficiency loss is small. 

049__ Enriching Ontology-based Data Access with Provenance (Extended Version)__arXiv:1906.00179
Author: Diego Calvanese
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00179
 Abstract: Ontology-based data access (OBDA) is a popular paradigm for querying heterogeneous data sources by connecting them through mappings to an ontology. In OBDA, it is often difficult to reconstruct why a tuple occurs in the answer of a query. We address this challenge by enriching OBDA with provenance semirings, taking inspiration from database theory. In particular, we investigate the problems of (i) deciding whether a provenance annotated OBDA instance entails a provenance annotated conjunctive query, and (ii) computing a polynomial representing the provenance of a query entailed by a provenance annotated OBDA instance. Differently from pure databases, in our case these polynomials may be infinite. To regain finiteness, we consider idempotent semirings, and study the complexity in the case of DL-Lite ontologies. We implement Task (ii) in a state-of-the-art OBDA system and show the practical feasibility of the approach through an extensive evaluation against two popular benchmarks. 

050__ Patch Learning__arXiv:1906.00158
Author: Dongrui Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00158
 Abstract: There have been different strategies to improve the performance of a machine learning model, e.g., increasing the depth, width, and/or nonlinearity of the model, and using ensemble learning to aggregate multiple base/weak learners in parallel or in series. This paper proposes a novel strategy called patch learning (PL) for this problem. It consists of three steps: 1) train an initial global model using all training data; 2) identify from the initial global model the patches which contribute the most to the learning error, and train a (local) patch model for each such patch; and, 3) update the global model using training data that do not fall into any patch. To use a PL model, we first determine if the input falls into any patch. If yes, then the corresponding patch model is used to compute the output. Otherwise, the global model is used. We explain in detail how PL can be implemented using fuzzy systems. Five regression problems on 1D/2D/3D curve fitting, nonlinear system identification, and chaotic time-series prediction, verified its effectiveness. To our knowledge, the PL idea has not appeared in the literature before, and it opens up a promising new line of research in machine learning. 

051__ Fast Algorithm for K-Truss Discovery on Public-Private Graphs__arXiv:1906.00140
Author: Soroush Ebadian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00140
 Abstract: In public-private graphs, users share one public graph and have their own private graphs. A private graph consists of personal private contacts that only can be visible to its owner, e.g., hidden friend lists on Facebook and secret following on Sina Weibo. However, existing public-private analytic algorithms have not yet investigated the dense subgraph discovery of k-truss, where each edge is contained in at least k-2 triangles. This paper aims at finding k-truss efficiently in public-private graphs. The core of our solution is a novel algorithm to update k-truss with node insertions. We develop a classification-based hybrid strategy of node insertions and edge insertions to incrementally compute k-truss in public-private graphs. Extensive experiments validate the superiority of our proposed algorithms against state-of-the-art methods on real-world datasets. 

052__ Extending Knowledge Graphs Beyond Binary  Relations__arXiv:1906.00137
Author: Bahare Fatemi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00137
 Abstract: Knowledge graphs store facts using relations between pairs of entities. In this work, we address the question of link prediction in knowledge bases where each relation is defined on any number of entities. We represent facts in a knowledge hypergraph: a knowledge graph where relations are defined on two or more entities. While there exist techniques (such as reification) that convert the non-binary relations of a knowledge hypergraph into binary ones, current embedding-based methods for knowledge graph completion do not work well out of the box for knowledge graphs obtained through these techniques. Thus we introduce HypE, a convolution-based embedding method for knowledge hypergraph completion. We also develop public benchmarks and baselines for our task and show experimentally that HypE is more effective than proposed baselines and existing methods. 

053__ Achieving Fairness in Determining Medicaid Eligibility through Fairgroup  Construction__arXiv:1906.00128
Author: Boli Fang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00128
 Abstract: Effective complements to human judgment, artificial intelligence techniques have started to aid human decisions in complicated social problems across the world. In the context of United States for instance, automated ML/DL classification models offer complements to human decisions in determining Medicaid eligibility. However, given the limitations in ML/DL model design, these algorithms may fail to leverage various factors for decision making, resulting in improper decisions that allocate resources to individuals who may not be in the most need. In view of such an issue, we propose in this paper the method of \textit{fairgroup construction}, based on the legal doctrine of \textit{disparate impact}, to improve the fairness of regressive classifiers. Experiments on American Community Survey dataset demonstrate that our method could be easily adapted to a variety of regressive classification models to boost their fairness in deciding Medicaid Eligibility, while maintaining high levels of classification accuracy. 

054__ Spectral Perturbation Meets Incomplete Multi-view Data__arXiv:1906.00098
Author: Hao Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00098
 Abstract: Beyond existing multi-view clustering, this paper studies a more realistic clustering scenario, referred to as incomplete multi-view clustering, where a number of data instances are missing in certain views. To tackle this problem, we explore spectral perturbation theory. In this work, we show a strong link between perturbation risk bounds and incomplete multi-view clustering. That is, as the similarity matrix fed into spectral clustering is a quantity bounded in magnitude O(1), we transfer the missing problem from data to similarity and tailor a matrix completion method for incomplete similarity matrix. Moreover, we show that the minimization of perturbation risk bounds among different views maximizes the final fusion result across all views. This provides a solid fusion criteria for multi-view data. We motivate and propose a Perturbation-oriented Incomplete multi-view Clustering (PIC) method. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method. 

055__ Augmenting C. elegans Microscopic Dataset for Accelerated Pattern  Recognition__arXiv:1906.00078
Author: Dali Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00078
 Abstract: The detection of cell shape changes in 3D time-lapse images of complex tissues is an important task. However, it is a challenging and tedious task to establish a comprehensive dataset to improve the performance of deep learning models. In the paper, we present a deep learning approach to augment 3D live images of the Caenorhabditis elegans embryo, so that we can further speed up the specific structural pattern recognition. We use an unsupervised training over unlabeled images to generate supplementary datasets for further pattern recognition. Technically, we used Alex-style neural networks in a generative adversarial network framework to generate new datasets that have common features of the C. elegans membrane structure. We also made the dataset available for a broad scientific community. 

056__ Minimum-Margin Active Learning__arXiv:1906.00025
Author: Heinrich Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00025
 Abstract: We present a new active sampling method we call min-margin which trains multiple learners on bootstrap samples and then chooses the examples to label based on the candidates' minimum margin amongst the bootstrapped models. This extends standard margin sampling in a way that increases its diversity in a supervised manner as it arises from the model uncertainty. We focus on the one-shot batch active learning setting, and show theoretically and through extensive experiments on a broad set of problems that min-margin outperforms other methods, particularly as batch size grows. 

057__ Brain MR Image  Augmentation for Tumor Detection__arXiv:1905.13456
Author: Changhee Han
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13456
 Abstract: Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) can achieve excellent computer-assisted diagnosis performance, relying on sufficient annotated training data. Unfortunately, most medical imaging datasets, often collected from various scanners, are small and fragmented. In this context, as a Data Augmentation (DA) technique, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) can synthesize realistic/diverse additional training images to fill the data lack in the real image distribution; researchers have improved classification by augmenting images with noise-to-image (e.g., random noise samples to diverse pathological images) or image-to-image GANs (e.g., a benign image to a malignant one). Yet, no research has reported results combining (i) noise-to-image GANs and image-to-image GANs or (ii) GANs and other deep generative models, for further performance boost. Therefore, to maximize the DA effect with the GAN combinations, we propose a two-step GAN-based DA that generates and refines brain MR images with/without tumors separately: (i) Progressive Growing of GANs (PGGANs), multi-stage noise-to-image GAN for high-resolution image generation, first generates realistic/diverse 256 x 256 images--even a physician cannot accurately distinguish them from real ones via Visual Turing Test; (ii) UNsupervised Image-to-image Translation or SimGAN, image-to-image GAN combining GANs/Variational AutoEncoders or using a GAN loss for DA, further refines the texture/shape of the PGGAN-generated images similarly to the real ones. We thoroughly investigate CNN-based tumor classification results, also considering the influence of pre-training on ImageNet and discarding weird-looking GAN-generated images. The results show that, when combined with classic DA, our two-step GAN-based DA can significantly outperform the classic DA alone, in tumor detection (i.e., boosting sensitivity from 93.63% to 97.53%) and also in other tasks. 