------------------------------
Wed, May 22  2019
------------------------------
19 new papers today.

001__ Similarity Measure Development for Case-Based Reasoning- A Data-driven  Approach__arXiv:1905.08581
Author: Deepika Verma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08581
 Abstract: In this paper, we demonstrate a data-driven methodology for modelling the local similarity measures of various attributes in a dataset. We analyse the spread in the numerical attributes and estimate their distribution using polynomial function to showcase an approach for deriving strong initial value ranges of numerical attributes and use a non-overlapping distribution for categorical attributes such that the entire similarity range [0,1] is utilized. We use an open source dataset for demonstrating modelling and development of the similarity measures and will present a case-based reasoning (CBR) system that can be used to search for the most relevant similar cases. 

002__ From Multi-Agent Pathfinding to Pipe Routing__arXiv:1905.08412
Author: Gleb Belov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08412
 Abstract: The 2D Multi-Agent Path Finding (MAPF) problem aims at finding collision-free paths for a number of agents, from a set of start locations to a set of goal positions in a known 2D environment. MAPF has been studied in theoretical computer science, robotics, and artificial intelligence over several decades, due to its importance for robot navigation. It is currently experiencing significant scientific progress due to its relevance in automated warehousing (such as those operated by Amazon) and in other contemporary application areas. In this paper, we demonstrate that many recently developed MAPF algorithms apply more broadly than currently believed in the MAPF research community. In particular, we describe the 3D Pipe Routing (PR) problem, which aims at placing collision-free pipes from given start locations to given goal locations in a known 3D environment. The MAPF and PR problems are similar: a solution to a MAPF instance is a set of blocked cells in x-y-t space, while a solution to the corresponding PR instance is a set of blocked cells in x-y-z space. We show how to use this similarity to apply several recently developed MAPF algorithms to the PR problem, and discuss their performance on abstract PR instances. We also discuss further research necessary to tackle real-world pipe-routing instances of interest to industry today. This opens up a new direction of industrial relevance for the MAPF research community. 

003__ Decrement Operators in Belief Change__arXiv:1905.08347
Author: Kai Sauerwald
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08347
 Abstract: While research on iterated revision is predominant in the field of iterated belief change, the class of iterated contraction operators received more attention in recent years. In this article, we examine a non-prioritized generalisation of iterated contraction. In particular, the class of weak decrement operators is introduced, which are operators that by multiple steps achieve the same as a contraction. Inspired by Darwiche and Pearl's work on iterated revision the subclass of decrement operators is defined. For both, decrement and weak decrement operators, postulates are presented and for each of them a representation theorem in the framework of total preorders is given. Furthermore, we present two types of decrement operators which have a unique representative. 

004__ Textured Neural Avatars__arXiv:1905.08776
Author: Aliaksandra Shysheya
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08776
 Abstract: We present a system for learning full-body neural avatars, i.e. deep networks that produce full-body renderings of a person for varying body pose and camera position. Our system takes the middle path between the classical graphics pipeline and the recent deep learning approaches that generate images of humans using image-to-image translation. In particular, our system estimates an explicit two-dimensional texture map of the model surface. At the same time, it abstains from explicit shape modeling in 3D. Instead, at test time, the system uses a fully-convolutional network to directly map the configuration of body feature points w.r.t. the camera to the 2D texture coordinates of individual pixels in the image frame. We show that such a system is capable of learning to generate realistic renderings while being trained on videos annotated with 3D poses and foreground masks. We also demonstrate that maintaining an explicit texture representation helps our system to achieve better generalization compared to systems that use direct image-to-image translation. 

005__ Transferable Multi-Domain State Generator for Task-Oriented Dialogue  Systems__arXiv:1905.08743
Author: Chien-Sheng Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08743
 Abstract: Over-dependence on domain ontology and lack of knowledge sharing across domains are two practical and yet less studied problems of dialogue state tracking. Existing approaches generally fall short in tracking unknown slot values during inference and often have difficulties in adapting to new domains. In this paper, we propose a Transferable Dialogue State Generator (TRADE) that generates dialogue states from utterances using a copy mechanism, facilitating knowledge transfer when predicting (domain, slot, value) triplets not encountered during training. Our model is composed of an utterance encoder, a slot gate, and a state generator, which are shared across domains. Empirical results demonstrate that TRADE achieves state-of-the-art joint goal accuracy of 48.62% for the five domains of MultiWOZ, a human-human dialogue dataset. In addition, we show its transferring ability by simulating zero-shot and few-shot dialogue state tracking for unseen domains. TRADE achieves 60.58% joint goal accuracy in one of the zero-shot domains, and is able to adapt to few-shot cases without forgetting already trained domains. 

006__ Lightweight Network Architecture for Real-Time Action Recognition__arXiv:1905.08711
Author: Alexander Kozlov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08711
 Abstract: In this work we present a new efficient approach to Human Action Recognition called Video Transformer Network (VTN). It leverages the latest advances in Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing and applies them to video understanding. The proposed method allows us to create lightweight CNN models that achieve high accuracy and real-time speed using just an RGB mono camera and general purpose CPU. Furthermore, we explain how to improve accuracy by distilling from multiple models with different modalities into a single model. We conduct a comparison with state-of-the-art methods and show that our approach performs on par with most of them on famous Action Recognition datasets. We benchmark the inference time of the models using the modern inference framework and argue that our approach compares favorably with other methods in terms of speed/accuracy trade-off, running at 56 FPS on CPU. The models and the training code are available. 

007__ Automatic Long-Term Deception Detection in Group Interaction Videos__arXiv:1905.08617
Author: Chongyang Bai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08617
 Abstract: Most work on automated deception detection (ADD) in video has two restrictions: (i) it focuses on a video of one person, and (ii) it focuses on a single act of deception in a one or two minute video. In this paper, we propose a new ADD framework which captures long term deception in a group setting. We study deception in the well-known Resistance game (like Mafia and Werewolf) which consists of 5-8 players of whom 2-3 are spies. Spies are deceptive throughout the game (typically 30-65 minutes) to keep their identity hidden. We develop an ensemble predictive model to identify spies in Resistance videos. We show that features from low-level and high-level video analysis are insufficient, but when combined with a new class of features that we call LiarRank, produce the best results. We achieve AUCs of over 0.70 in a fully automated setting. Our demo can be found at this http URL 

008__ Depth Completion from Inertial Odometry and Vision__arXiv:1905.08616
Author: Alex Wong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08616
 Abstract: We describe a method to infer dense depth from camera motion and sparse depth as estimated using a visual-inertial odometry system. Unlike other scenarios using point clouds from lidar or structured light sensors, we have few hundreds to few thousand points, insufficient to inform the topology of the scene. Our method first constructs a piecewise planar scaffolding of the scene, and then uses it to infer dense depth using the image along with the sparse points. We use a predictive cross-modal criterion, akin to `self-supervision,' measuring photometric consistency across time, forward-backward pose consistency, and geometric compatibility with the sparse point cloud. We also launch the first visual-inertial + depth dataset, which we hope will foster additional exploration into combining the complementary strengths of visual and inertial sensors. To compare our method to prior work, we adopt the unsupervised KITTI depth completion benchmark, and show state-of-the-art performance on it. 

009__ Automatic discrete differentiation and its applications__arXiv:1905.08604
Author: Ai Ishikawa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08604
 Abstract: In this paper, a method for automatically deriving energy-preserving numerical methods for the Euler-Lagrange equation and the Hamilton equation is proposed. The derived energy-preserving scheme is based on the discrete gradient method. In the proposed approach, the discrete gradient, which is a key tool for designing the scheme, is automatically computed by a similar algorithm to the automatic differentiation. Besides, the discrete gradient coincides with the usual gradient if the two arguments required to define the discrete gradient are the same. Hence the proposed method is an extension of the automatic differentiation in the sense that the proposed method derives not only the discrete gradient but also the usual gradient. Due to this feature, both energy-preserving integrators and variational (and hence symplectic) integrators can be implemented in the same programming code simultaneously. This allows users to freely switch between the energy-preserving numerical method and the symplectic numerical method in accordance with the problem-setting and other requirements. As applications, an energy-preserving numerical scheme for a nonlinear wave equation and a training algorithm of artificial neural networks derived from an energy-dissipative numerical scheme are shown. 

010__ Compositional  generalization in seq2seq convolutional networks__arXiv:1905.08527
Author: Roberto Dess¨¬
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08527
 Abstract: Lake and Baroni (2018) introduced the SCAN dataset probing the ability of seq2seq models to capture compositional generalizations, such as inferring the meaning of "jump around" 0-shot from the component words. Recurrent networks (RNNs) were found to completely fail the most challenging generalization cases. We test here a convolutional network (CNN) on these tasks, reporting hugely improved performance with respect to RNNs. Despite the big improvement, the CNN has however not induced systematic rules, suggesting that the difference between compositional and non-compositional behaviour is not clear-cut. 

011__ Stochastic Inverse Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.08513
Author: Ce Ju
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08513
 Abstract: Inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) is an ill-posed inverse problem since expert demonstrations may infer many solutions of reward functions which is hard to recover by local search methods such as a gradient method. In this paper, we generalize the original IRL problem to recover a probability distribution for reward functions. We call such a generalized problem stochastic inverse reinforcement learning (SIRL) which is first formulated as an expectation optimization problem. We adopt the Monte Carlo expectation-maximization (MCEM) method, a global search method, to estimate the parameter of the probability distribution as the first solution to SIRL. With our approach, it is possible to observe the deep intrinsic property in IRL from a global viewpoint, and the technique achieves a considerable robust recovery performance on the classic learning environment, objectworld. 

012__ Exploring Bias in GAN-based Data Augmentation for Small Samples__arXiv:1905.08495
Author: Mengxiao Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08495
 Abstract: For machine learning task, lacking sufficient samples mean the trained model has low confidence to approach the ground truth function. Until recently, after the generative adversarial networks (GAN) had been proposed, we see the hope of small samples data augmentation (DA) with realistic fake data, and many works validated the viability of GAN-based DA. Although most of the works pointed out higher accuracy can be achieved using GAN-based DA, some researchers stressed that the fake data generated from GAN has inherent bias, and in this paper, we explored when the bias is so low that it cannot hurt the performance, we set experiments to depict the bias in different GAN-based DA setting, and from the results, we design a pipeline to inspect specific dataset is efficiently-augmentable with GAN-based DA or not. And finally, depending on our trial to reduce the bias, we proposed some advice to mitigate bias in GAN-based DA application. 

013__ Robustness Against Outliers For Deep Neural Networks By Gradient  Conjugate Priors__arXiv:1905.08464
Author: Pavel Gurevich
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08464
 Abstract: We analyze a new robust method for the reconstruction of probability distributions of observed data in the presence of output outliers. It is based on a so-called gradient conjugate prior (GCP) network which outputs the parameters of a prior. By rigorously studying the dynamics of the GCP learning process, we derive an explicit formula for correcting the obtained variance of the marginal distribution and removing the bias caused by outliers in the training set. Assuming a Gaussian (input-dependent) ground truth distribution contaminated with a proportion $\varepsilon$ of outliers, we show that the fitted mean is in a $c e^{-1/\varepsilon}$-neighborhood of the ground truth mean and the corrected variance is in a $b\varepsilon$-neighborhood of the ground truth variance, whereas the uncorrected variance of the marginal distribution can even be infinite. We explicitly find $b$ as a function of the output of the GCP network, without a priori knowledge of the outliers (possibly input-dependent) distribution. Experiments with synthetic and real-world data sets indicate that the GCP network fitted with a standard optimizer outperforms other robust methods for regression. 

014__ Clustering with Similarity Preserving__arXiv:1905.08419
Author: Zhao Kang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08419
 Abstract: Graph-based clustering has shown promising performance in many tasks. A key step of graph-based approach is the similarity graph construction. In general, learning graph in kernel space can enhance clustering accuracy due to the incorporation of nonlinearity. However, most existing kernel-based graph learning mechanisms is not similarity-preserving, hence leads to sub-optimal performance. To overcome this drawback, we propose a more discriminative graph learning method which can preserve the pairwise similarities between samples in an adaptive manner for the first time. Specifically, we require the learned graph be close to a kernel matrix, which serves as a measure of similarity in raw data. Moreover, the structure is adaptively tuned so that the number of connected components of the graph is exactly equal to the number of clusters. Finally, our method unifies clustering and graph learning which can directly obtain cluster indicators from the graph itself without performing further clustering step. The effectiveness of this approach is examined on both single and multiple kernel learning scenarios in several datasets. 

015__ Why Machines Cannot Learn Mathematics, Yet__arXiv:1905.08359
Author: Andr¨¦ Greiner-Petter
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08359
 Abstract: Nowadays, Machine Learning (ML) is seen as the universal solution to improve the effectiveness of information retrieval (IR) methods. However, while mathematics is a precise and accurate science, it is usually expressed by less accurate and imprecise descriptions, contributing to the relative dearth of machine learning applications for IR in this domain. Generally, mathematical documents communicate their knowledge with an ambiguous, context-dependent, and non-formal language. Given recent advances in ML, it seems canonical to apply ML techniques to represent and retrieve mathematics semantically. In this work, we apply popular text embedding techniques to the arXiv collection of STEM documents and explore how these are unable to properly understand mathematics from that corpus. In addition, we also investigate the missing aspects that would allow mathematics to be learned by computers. 

016__ Behavior Identification and Prediction for a Probabilistic Risk  Framework__arXiv:1905.08332
Author: Jasprit Singh Gill
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08332
 Abstract: Operation in a real world traffic requires autonomous vehicles to be able to plan their motion in complex environments (multiple moving participants). Planning through such environment requires the right search space to be provided for the trajectory or maneuver planners so that the safest motion for the ego vehicle can be identified. Given the current states of the environment and its participants, analyzing the risks based on the predicted trajectories of all the traffic participants provides the necessary search space for the planning of motion. This paper provides a fresh taxonomy of safety / risks that an autonomous vehicle should be able to handle while navigating through traffic. It provides a reference system architecture that needs to be implemented as well as describes a novel way of identifying and predicting the behaviors of the traffic participants using classic Multi Model Adaptive Estimation (MMAE). Preliminary simulation results of the implemented model are included. 

017__ Context-adaptive binary arithmetic coding for deep neural  network compression__arXiv:1905.08318
Author: Simon Wiedemann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08318
 Abstract: We present DeepCABAC, a novel context-adaptive binary arithmetic coder for compressing deep neural networks. It quantizes each weight parameter by minimizing a weighted rate-distortion function, which implicitly takes the impact of quantization on to the accuracy of the network into account. Subsequently, it compresses the quantized values into a bitstream representation with minimal redundancies. We show that DeepCABAC is able to reach very high compression ratios across a wide set of different network architectures and datasets. For instance, we are able to compress by x63.6 the VGG16 ImageNet model with no loss of accuracy, thus being able to represent the entire network with merely 8.7MB. 

018__ Better Technical Debt Detection via SURVEYing__arXiv:1905.08297
Author: Fahmid M. Fahid
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08297
 Abstract: Software analytics can be improved by surveying; i.e. rechecking and (possibly) revising the labels offered by prior analysis. Surveying is a time-consuming task and effective surveyors must carefully manage their time. Specifically, they must balance the cost of further surveying against the additional benefits of that extra effort. This paper proposes SURVEY0, an incremental Logistic Regression estimation method that implements cost/benefit analysis. Some classifier is used to rank the as-yet-unvisited examples according to how interesting they might be. Humans then review the most interesting examples, after which their feedback is used to update an estimator for estimating how many examples are remaining. This paper evaluates SURVEY0 in the context of self-admitted technical debt. As software project mature, they can accumulate "technical debt" i.e. developer decisions which are sub-optimal and decrease the overall quality of the code. Such decisions are often commented on by programmers in the code; i.e. it is self-admitted technical debt (SATD). Recent results show that text classifiers can automatically detect such debt. We find that we can significantly outperform prior results by SURVEYing the data. Specifically, for ten open-source JAVA projects, we can find 83% of the technical debt via SURVEY0 using just 16% of the comments (and if higher levels of recall are required, SURVEY0can adjust towards that with some additional effort). 

019__ Issues concerning realizability of Blackwell optimal policies in  reinforcement learning__arXiv:1905.08293
Author: Nicholas Denis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08293
 Abstract: N-discount optimality was introduced as a hierarchical form of policy- and value-function optimality, with Blackwell optimality lying at the top level of the hierarchy Veinott (1969); Blackwell (1962). We formalize notions of myopic discount factors, value functions and policies in terms of Blackwell optimality in MDPs, and we provide a novel concept of regret, called Blackwell regret, which measures the regret compared to a Blackwell optimal policy. Our main analysis focuses on long horizon MDPs with sparse rewards. We show that selecting the discount factor under which zero Blackwell regret can be achieved becomes arbitrarily hard. Moreover, even with oracle knowledge of such a discount factor that can realize a Blackwell regret-free value function, an $\epsilon$-Blackwell optimal value function may not even be gain optimal. Difficulties associated with this class of problems is discussed, and the notion of a policy gap is defined as the difference in expected return between a given policy and any other policy that differs at that state; we prove certain properties related to this gap. Finally, we provide experimental results that further support our theoretical results. 