------------------------------
Tue, May 28  2019
------------------------------
47 new papers today.

001__ Error Analysis and Correction for Weighted A*'s Suboptimality (Extended  Version)__arXiv:1905.11346
Author: Robert C. Holte
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11346
 Abstract: Weighted A* (wA*) is a widely used algorithm for rapidly, but suboptimally, solving planning and search problems. The cost of the solution it produces is guaranteed to be at most W times the optimal solution cost, where W is the weight wA* uses in prioritizing open nodes. W is therefore a suboptimality bound for the solution produced by wA*. There is broad consensus that this bound is not very accurate, that the actual suboptimality of wA*'s solution is often much less than W times optimal. However, there is very little published evidence supporting that view, and no existing explanation of why W is a poor bound. This paper fills in these gaps in the literature. We begin with a large-scale experiment demonstrating that, across a wide variety of domains and heuristics for those domains, W is indeed very often far from the true suboptimality of wA*'s solution. We then analytically identify the potential sources of error. Finally, we present a practical method for correcting for two of these sources of error and experimentally show that the correction frequently eliminates much of the error. 

002__ Soft Options Critic__arXiv:1905.11222
Author: Elita Lobo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11222
 Abstract: The option-critic paper and several variants have successfully demonstrated the use of the options framework proposed by Barto et al to scale learning and planning in hierarchical tasks. Although most of these frameworks use entropy as a regularizer to improve exploration, they do not maximize entropy along with returns at every time step. In this paper we investigate the effect of maximizing entropy of each options and inter-option policy in options framework. We adopt the architecture of the recently introduced soft-actor critic algorithm to enable learning of robust options in continuous and discrete action spaces in a off-policy manner thus also making it sample efficient. In this paper we derive the soft options improvement theorem and propose a novel soft-options framework to incorporate maximization of entropy of actions and options in a constrained manner. Our experiments show that maximizing entropy of actions and options in a constrained manner with high learning rate does not harm the main objective of maximizing returns and hence outperforms vanilla options-critic framework in most hierarchical tasks. We also observe faster recovery when the environment is subject to perturbations. 

003__ AI-generating algorithms, an alternate paradigm for producing  general artificial intelligence__arXiv:1905.10985
Author: Jeff Clune
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10985
 Abstract: Perhaps the most ambitious scientific quest in human history is the creation of general artificial intelligence, which roughly means AI that is as smart or smarter than humans. The dominant approach in the machine learning community is to attempt to discover each of the pieces required for intelligence, with the implicit assumption that some future group will complete the Herculean task of figuring out how to combine all of those pieces into a complex thinking machine. I call this the ``manual AI approach.'' This paper describes another exciting path that ultimately may be more successful at producing general AI. It is based on the clear trend in machine learning that hand-designed solutions eventually are replaced by more effective, learned solutions. The idea is to create an AI-generating algorithm (AI-GA), which automatically learns how to produce general AI. Three Pillars are essential for the approach: (1) meta-learning architectures, (2) meta-learning the learning algorithms themselves, and (3) generating effective learning environments. I argue that either approach could produce general AI first, and both are scientifically worthwhile irrespective of which is the fastest path. Because both are promising, yet the ML community is currently committed to the manual approach, I argue that our community should increase its research investment in the AI-GA approach. To encourage such research, I describe promising work in each of the Three Pillars. I also discuss AI-GA-specific safety and ethical considerations. Because it it may be the fastest path to general AI and because it is inherently scientifically interesting to understand the conditions in which a simple algorithm can produce general AI (as happened on Earth where Darwinian evolution produced human intelligence), I argue that the pursuit of AI-GAs should be considered a new grand challenge of computer science research. 

004__ Enhancing Item Response Theory for Cognitive Diagnosis__arXiv:1905.10957
Author: Song Cheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10957
 Abstract: Cognitive diagnosis is a fundamental and crucial task in many educational applications, e.g., computer adaptive test and cognitive assignments. Item Response Theory (IRT) is a classical cognitive diagnosis method which can provide interpretable parameters (i.e., student latent trait, question discrimination, and difficulty) for analyzing student performance. However, traditional IRT ignores the rich information in question texts, cannot diagnose knowledge concept proficiency, and it is inaccurate to diagnose the parameters for the questions which only appear several times. To this end, in this paper, we propose a general Deep Item Response Theory (DIRT) framework to enhance traditional IRT for cognitive diagnosis by exploiting semantic representation from question texts with deep learning. In DIRT, we first use a proficiency vector to represent students' proficiency in knowledge concepts and embed question texts and knowledge concepts to dense vectors by Word2Vec. Then, we design a deep diagnosis module to diagnose parameters in traditional IRT by deep learning techniques. Finally, with the diagnosed parameters, we input them into the logistic-like formula of IRT to predict student performance. Extensive experimental results on real-world data clearly demonstrate the effectiveness and interpretation power of DIRT framework. 

005__ Policy Based Inference in Trick-Taking Card Games__arXiv:1905.10911
Author: Douglas Rebstock
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10911
 Abstract: Trick-taking card games feature a large amount of private information that slowly gets revealed through a long sequence of actions. This makes the number of histories exponentially large in the action sequence length, as well as creating extremely large information sets. As a result, these games become too large to solve. To deal with these issues many algorithms employ inference, the estimation of the probability of states within an information set. In this paper, we demonstrate a Policy Based Inference (PI) algorithm that uses player modelling to infer the probability we are in a given state. We perform experiments in the German trick-taking card game Skat, in which we show that this method vastly improves the inference as compared to previous work, and increases the performance of the state-of-the-art Skat AI system Kermit when it is employed into its determinized search algorithm. 

006__ Learning Policies from Human Data for Skat__arXiv:1905.10907
Author: Douglas Rebstock
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10907
 Abstract: Decision-making in large imperfect information games is difficult. Thanks to recent success in Poker, Counterfactual Regret Minimization (CFR) methods have been at the forefront of research in these games. However, most of the success in large games comes with the use of a forward model and powerful state abstractions. In trick-taking card games like Bridge or Skat, large information sets and an inability to advance the simulation without fully determinizing the state make forward search problematic. Furthermore, state abstractions can be especially difficult to construct because the precise holdings of each player directly impact move values. In this paper we explore learning model-free policies for Skat from human game data using deep neural networks (DNN). We produce a new state-of-the-art system for bidding and game declaration by introducing methods to a) directly vary the aggressiveness of the bidder and b) declare games based on expected value while mitigating issues with rarely observed state-action pairs. Although cardplay policies learned through imitation are slightly weaker than the current best search-based method, they run orders of magnitude faster. We also explore how these policies could be learned directly from experience in a reinforcement learning setting and discuss the value of incorporating human data for this task. 

007__ a Sensible Artificial Intelligence that plays with handicap and  targets high scores in 9x9 Go (extended version)__arXiv:1905.10863
Author: Francesco Morandin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10863
 Abstract: We develop a new model that can be applied to any perfect information two-player zero-sum game to target a high score, and thus a perfect play. We integrate this model into the Monte Carlo tree search-policy iteration learning pipeline introduced by Google DeepMind with AlphaGo. Training this model on 9x9 Go produces a superhuman Go player, thus proving that it is stable and robust. We show that this model can be used to effectively play with both positional and score handicap. We develop a family of agents that can target high scores against any opponent, and recover from very severe disadvantage against weak opponents. To the best of our knowledge, these are the first effective achievements in this direction. 

008__ Path Ranking with Attention to Type Hierarchies__arXiv:1905.10799
Author: Weiyu Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10799
 Abstract: The knowledge base completion problem is the problem of inferring missing information from existing facts in knowledge bases. Path-ranking based methods use sequences of relations as general patterns of paths for prediction. However, these patterns usually lack accuracy because they are generic and can often apply to widely varying scenarios. We leverage type hierarchies of entities to create a new class of path patterns that are both discriminative and generalizable. Then we propose an attention-based RNN model, which can be trained end-to-end, to discover the new path patterns most suitable for the data. Experiments conducted on two benchmark knowledge base completion datasets demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms existing methods by a statistically significant margin. Our quantitative analysis of the path patterns shows that they balance between generalization and discrimination. 

009__ Ensemble Decision Systems for General Video Game Playing__arXiv:1905.10792
Author: Damien Anderson
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10792
 Abstract: Ensemble Decision Systems offer a unique form of decision making that allows a collection of algorithms to reason together about a problem. Each individual algorithm has its own inherent strengths and weaknesses, and often it is difficult to overcome the weaknesses while retaining the strengths. Instead of altering the properties of the algorithm, the Ensemble Decision System augments the performance with other algorithms that have complementing strengths. This work outlines different options for building an Ensemble Decision System as well as providing analysis on its performance compared to the individual components of the system with interesting results, showing an increase in the generality of the algorithms without significantly impeding performance. 

010__ Multi Distance Embeddings for Link Prediction in Knowledge Graphs__arXiv:1905.10702
Author: Afshin Sadeghi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10702
 Abstract: Over the past decade, knowledge graphs became popular for capturing structured domain knowledge. Relational learning models enable the prediction of missing links inside knowledge graphs. More specifically, latent distance approaches model the relationships among entities via a distance between latent representations. Translating embedding models (e.g., TransE) are among the most popular latent distance approaches which use one distance function to learn multiple relation patterns. However, they are not capable of capturing symmetric relations. They also force relations with reflexive patterns to become symmetric and transitive. In order to improve distance based embedding, we propose multi-distance embeddings (MDE). Our solution is based on the idea that by learning independent embedding vectors for each entity and relation one can aggregate contrasting distance functions. Benefiting from MDE, we also develop supplementary distances resolving the above-mentioned limitations of TransE. We further propose an extended loss function for distance based embeddings and show that MDE and TransE are fully expressive using this loss function. Furthermore, we obtain a bound on the size of their embeddings for full expressivity. Our empirical results show that MDE significantly improves the translating embeddings and outperforms several state-of-the-art embedding models on benchmark datasets. 

011__ Balancing Goal Obfuscation and Goal Legibility in Settings with  Cooperative and Adversarial Observers__arXiv:1905.10672
Author: Anagha Kulkarni
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10672
 Abstract: In order to be useful in the real world, AI agents need to plan and act in the presence of others, who may include adversarial and cooperative entities. In this paper, we consider the problem where an autonomous agent needs to act in a manner that clarifies its objectives to cooperative entities while preventing adversarial entities from inferring those objectives. We show that this problem is solvable when cooperative entities and adversarial entities use different types of sensors and/or prior knowledge. We develop two new solution approaches for computing such plans. One approach provides an optimal solution to the problem by using an IP solver to provide maximum obfuscation for adversarial entities while providing maximum legibility for cooperative entities in the environment, whereas the other approach provides a satisficing solution using heuristic-guided forward search to achieve preset levels of obfuscation and legibility for adversarial and cooperative entities respectively. We show the feasibility and utility of our algorithms through extensive empirical evaluation on problems derived from planning benchmarks. 

012__ Application to Conditional  Planning__arXiv:1905.10621
Author: Pedro Cabalar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10621
 Abstract: Dynamic Epistemic Logic (DEL) is a family of multimodal logics that has proved to be very successful for epistemic reasoning in planning tasks. In this logic, the agent's knowledge is captured by modal epistemic operators whereas the system evolution is described in terms of (some subset of) dynamic logic modalities in which actions are usually represented as semantic objects called event models. In this paper, we study a variant of DEL, that wecall DEL[ASP], where actions are syntactically described by using an Answer Set Programming (ASP) representation instead of event models. This representation directly inherits high level expressive features like indirect effects, qualifications, state constraints, defaults, or recursive fluents that are common in ASP descriptions of action domains. Besides, we illustrate how this approach can be applied for obtaining conditional plans in single-agent, partially observable domains where knowledge acquisition may be represented as indirect effects of actions. 

013__ Should I Include this Edge in my Prediction? Analyzing the  Stability-Performance Tradeoff__arXiv:1905.11374
Author: Adarsh Subbaswamy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11374
 Abstract: Recent work addressing model reliability and generalization has resulted in a variety of methods that seek to proactively address differences between the training and unknown target environments. While most methods achieve this by finding distributions that will be invariant across environments, we will show they do not necessarily find the same distributions which has implications for performance. In this paper we unify existing work on prediction using stable distributions by relating environmental shifts to edges in the graph underlying a prediction problem, and characterize stable distributions as those which effectively remove these edges. We then quantify the effect of edge deletion on performance in the linear case and corroborate the findings in a simulated and real data experiment. error here, check on website.

015__ Real-time Instance Segmentation Made More Accurate__arXiv:1905.11358
Author: Laurynas Miksys
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11358
 Abstract: Instance segmentation is an important problem in computer vision, with applications in autonomous driving, drone navigation and robotic manipulation. However, most existing methods are not real-time, complicating their deployment in time-sensitive contexts. In this work, we extend an existing approach to real-time instance segmentation, called `Straight to Shapes' (STS), which makes use of low-dimensional shape embedding spaces to directly regress to object shape masks. The STS model can run at 35 FPS on a high-end desktop, but its accuracy is significantly worse than that of offline state-of-the-art methods. We leverage recent advances in the design and training of deep instance segmentation models to improve the performance accuracy of the STS model whilst keeping its real-time capabilities intact. In particular, we find that parameter sharing, more aggressive data augmentation and the use of structured loss for shape mask prediction all provide a useful boost to the network performance. Our proposed approach, `Straight to Shapes++', achieves a remarkable 19.7 point improvement in mAP (at IOU of 0.5) over the original method as evaluated on the PASCAL VOC dataset, thus redefining the accuracy frontier at real-time speeds. Since the accuracy of instance segmentation is closely tied to that of object bounding box prediction, we also study the error profile of the latter and examine the failure modes of our method for future improvements. 

016__ Towards Universal Dialogue Management with Structured Deep  Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.11259
Author: Lu Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11259
 Abstract: Dialogue policy plays an important role in task-oriented spoken dialogue systems. It determines how to respond to users. The recently proposed deep reinforcement learning (DRL) approaches have been used for policy optimization. However, these deep models are still challenging for two reasons: 1) Many DRL-based policies are not sample-efficient. 2) Most models don't have the capability of policy transfer between different domains. In this paper, we propose a universal framework, AgentGraph, to tackle these two problems. The proposed AgentGraph is the combination of GNN-based architecture and DRL-based algorithm. It can be regarded as one of the multi-agent reinforcement learning approaches. Each agent corresponds to a node in a graph, which is defined according to the dialogue domain ontology. When making a decision, each agent can communicate with its neighbors on the graph. Under AgentGraph framework, we further propose Dual GNN-based dialogue policy, which implicitly decomposes the decision in each turn into a high-level global decision and a low-level local decision. Experiments show that AgentGraph models significantly outperform traditional reinforcement learning approaches on most of the 18 tasks of the PyDial benchmark. Moreover, when transferred from the source task to a target task, these models not only have acceptable initial performance but also converge much faster on the target task. 

017__ Extract Principal Components with Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.11229
Author: Haoyan Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11229
 Abstract: For reentry or near space communication, owing to the influence of the time-varying plasma sheath channel environment, the received IQ baseband signals are severely rotated on the constellation. Researches have shown that the frequency of electron density varies from 20kHz to 100 kHz which is on the same order as the symbol rate of most TT\&C communication systems and a mass of bandwidth will be consumed to track the time-varying channel with traditional estimation. In this paper, motivated by principal curve analysis, we propose a deep learning (DL) algorithm which called symmetric manifold network (SMN) to extract the curves on the constellation and classify the signals based on the curves. The key advantage is that SMN can achieve joint optimization of demodulation and channel estimation. From our simulation results, the new algorithm significantly reduces the symbol error rate (SER) compared to existing algorithms and enables accurate estimation of fading with extremely high bandwith utilization rate. 

018__ Model-Agnostic Counterfactual Explanations for Consequential Decisions__arXiv:1905.11190
Author: Amir-Hossein Karimi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11190
 Abstract: Predictive models are being increasingly used to support consequential decision making at the individual level in contexts such as pretrial bail and loan approval. As a result, there is increasing social and legal pressure to provide explanations that help the affected individuals not only to understand why a prediction was output, but also how to act to obtain a desired outcome. To this end, several works have proposed methods to generate counterfactual explanations. However, they are often restricted to a particular subset of models (e.g., decision trees or linear models), and cannot directly handle the mixed (numerical and nominal) nature of the features describing each individual. In this paper, we propose a model-agnostic algorithm to generate counterfactual explanations that builds on the standard theory and tools from formal verification. Specifically, our algorithm solves a sequence of satisfiability problems, where a wide variety of predictive models and distances in mixed feature spaces, as well as natural notions of plausibility and diversity, are represented as logic formulas. Our experiments on real-world data demonstrate that our approach can flexibly handle widely deployed predictive models, while providing meaningfully closer counterfactuals than existing approaches. 

019__ Joint Unsupervised Learning of Objects and  Physics from Video__arXiv:1905.11169
Author: Miguel Jaques
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11169
 Abstract: We aim to perform unsupervised discovery of objects and their states such as location and velocity, as well as physical system parameters such as mass and gravity from video -- given only the differential equations governing the scene dynamics. Existing physical scene understanding methods require either object state supervision, or do not integrate with differentiable physics to learn interpretable system parameters and states. We address this problem through a $\textit{physics-as-inverse-graphics}$ approach that brings together vision-as-inverse-graphics and differentiable physics engines. This framework allows us to perform long term extrapolative video prediction, as well as vision-based model-predictive control. Our approach significantly outperforms related unsupervised methods in long-term future frame prediction of systems with interacting objects (such as ball-spring or 3-body gravitational systems). We further show the value of this tight vision-physics integration by demonstrating data-efficient learning of vision-actuated model-based control for a pendulum system. The controller's interpretability also provides unique capabilities in goal-driven control and physical reasoning for zero-data adaptation. 

020__ Finding Task-Relevant Features for Few-Shot Learning by Category  Traversal__arXiv:1905.11116
Author: Hongyang Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11116
 Abstract: Few-shot learning is an important area of research. Conceptually, humans are readily able to understand new concepts given just a few examples, while in more pragmatic terms, limited-example training situations are common in practice. Recent effective approaches to few-shot learning employ a metric-learning framework to learn a feature similarity comparison between a query (test) example, and the few support (training) examples. However, these approaches treat each support class independently from one another, never looking at the entire task as a whole. Because of this, they are constrained to use a single set of features for all possible test-time tasks, which hinders the ability to distinguish the most relevant dimensions for the task at hand. In this work, we introduce a Category Traversal Module that can be inserted as a plug-and-play module into most metric-learning based few-shot learners. This component traverses across the entire support set at once, identifying task-relevant features based on both intra-class commonality and inter-class uniqueness in the feature space. Incorporating our module improves performance considerably (5%-10% relative) over baseline systems on both mini-ImageNet and tieredImageNet benchmarks, with overall performance competitive with recent state-of-the-art systems. 

021__ Robustness of accelerated first-order algorithms for strongly convex  optimization problems__arXiv:1905.11011
Author: Hesameddin Mohammadi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11011
 Abstract: We study the robustness of accelerated first-order algorithms to stochastic uncertainties in gradient evaluation. Specifically, for unconstrained, smooth, strongly convex optimization problems, we examine the mean-square error in the optimization variable when the iterates are perturbed by additive white noise. This type of uncertainty may arise in situations where an approximation of the gradient is sought through measurements of a real system or in a distributed computation over network. Even though the underlying dynamics of first-order algorithms for this class of problems are nonlinear, we establish upper bounds on the mean-square deviation from the optimal value that are tight up to constant factors. Our analysis quantifies fundamental trade-offs between noise amplification and convergence rates obtained via any acceleration scheme similar to Nesterov's or heavy-ball methods. To gain additional analytical insight, for strongly convex quadratic problems we explicitly evaluate the steady-state variance of the optimization variable in terms of the eigenvalues of the Hessian of the objective function. We demonstrate that the entire spectrum of the Hessian, rather than just the extreme eigenvalues, influence robustness of noisy algorithms. We specialize this result to the problem of distributed averaging over undirected networks and examine the role of network size and topology on the robustness of noisy accelerated algorithms. 

022__ Commonsense Properties from Query Logs and Question Anwering Forums__arXiv:1905.10989
Author: Julien Romero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10989
 Abstract: Commonsense knowledge about object properties, human behavior and general concepts is crucial for robust AI applications. However, automatic acquisition of this knowledge is challenging because of sparseness and bias in online sources. This paper presents Quasimodo, a methodology and tool suite for distilling commonsense properties from non-standard web sources. We devise novel ways of tapping into search-engine query logs and QA forums, and combining the resulting candidate assertions with statistical cues from encyclopedias, books and image tags in a corroboration step. Unlike prior work on commonsense knowledge bases, Quasimodo focuses on salient properties that are typically associated with certain objects or concepts. Extensive evaluations, including extrinsic use-case studies, show that Quasimodo provides better coverage than state-of-the-art baselines with comparable quality. 

023__ An Intelligent Monitoring System of Vehicles on Highway Traffic__arXiv:1905.10982
Author: Sulaiman Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10982
 Abstract: Vehicle speed monitoring and management of highways is the critical problem of the road in this modern age of growing technology and population. A poor management results in frequent traffic jam, traffic rules violation and fatal road accidents. Using traditional techniques of RADAR, LIDAR and LASAR to address this problem is time-consuming, expensive and tedious. This paper presents an efficient framework to produce a simple, cost efficient and intelligent system for vehicle speed monitoring. The proposed method uses an HD (High Definition) camera mounted on the road side either on a pole or on a traffic signal for recording video frames. On the basis of these frames, a vehicle can be tracked by using radius growing method, and its speed can be calculated by calculating vehicle mask and its displacement in consecutive frames. The method uses pattern recognition, digital image processing and mathematical techniques for vehicle detection, tracking and speed calculation. The validity of the proposed model is proved by testing it on different highways. 

024__ Explainable Reinforcement Learning Through a Causal Lens__arXiv:1905.10958
Author: Prashan Madumal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10958
 Abstract: Prevalent theories in cognitive science propose that humans understand and represent the knowledge of the world through causal relationships. In making sense of the world, we build causal models in our mind to encode cause-effect relations of events and use these to explain why new events happen. In this paper, we use causal models to derive causal explanations of behaviour of reinforcement learning agents. We present an approach that learns a structural causal model during reinforcement learning and encodes causal relationships between variables of interest. This model is then used to generate explanations of behaviour based on counterfactual analysis of the causal model. We report on a study with 120 participants who observe agents playing a real-time strategy game (Starcraft II) and then receive explanations of the agents' behaviour. We investigated: 1) participants' understanding gained by explanations through task prediction; 2) explanation satisfaction and 3) trust. Our results show that causal model explanations perform better on these measures compared to two other baseline explanation models. 

025__ Naive probability__arXiv:1905.10924
Author: Zalan Gyenis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10924
 Abstract: We describe a rational, but low resolution model of probability. 

026__ Applying Abstract Argumentation Theory to Cooperative Game Theory__arXiv:1905.10922
Author: Anthony P. Young
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10922
 Abstract: We apply ideas from abstract argumentation theory to study cooperative game theory. Building on Dung's results in his seminal paper, we further the correspondence between Dung's four argumentation semantics and solution concepts in cooperative game theory by showing that complete extensions (the grounded extension) correspond to Roth's subsolutions (respectively, the supercore). We then investigate the relationship between well-founded argumentation frameworks and convex games, where in each case the semantics (respectively, solution concepts) coincide; we prove that three-player convex games do not in general have well-founded argumentation frameworks. 

027__ Adaptive Learning Material Recommendation in Online Language Education__arXiv:1905.10893
Author: Shuhan Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10893
 Abstract: Recommending personalized learning materials for online language learning is challenging because we typically lack data about the student's ability and the relative difficulty of learning materials. This makes it hard to recommend appropriate content that matches the student's prior knowledge. In this paper, we propose a refined hierarchical knowledge structure to model vocabulary knowledge, which enables us to automatically organize the authentic and up-to-date learning materials collected from the internet. Based on this knowledge structure, we then introduce a hybrid approach to recommend learning materials that adapts to a student's language level. We evaluate our work with an online Japanese learning tool and the results suggest adding adaptivity into material recommendation significantly increases student engagement. 

028__ Simple and Effective Curriculum Pointer-Generator Networks for Reading  Comprehension over Long Narratives__arXiv:1905.10847
Author: Yi Tay
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10847
 Abstract: This paper tackles the problem of reading comprehension over long narratives where documents easily span over thousands of tokens. We propose a curriculum learning (CL) based Pointer-Generator framework for reading/sampling over large documents, enabling diverse training of the neural model based on the notion of alternating contextual difficulty. This can be interpreted as a form of domain randomization and/or generative pretraining during training. To this end, the usage of the Pointer-Generator softens the requirement of having the answer within the context, enabling us to construct diverse training samples for learning. Additionally, we propose a new Introspective Alignment Layer (IAL), which reasons over decomposed alignments using block-based self-attention. We evaluate our proposed method on the NarrativeQA reading comprehension benchmark, achieving state-of-the-art performance, improving existing baselines by $51\%$ relative improvement on BLEU-4 and $17\%$ relative improvement on Rouge-L. Extensive ablations confirm the effectiveness of our proposed IAL and CL components. 

029__ Frugal Training with  Generalization Guarantees__arXiv:1905.10819
Author: Maria-Florina Balcan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10819
 Abstract: Algorithms typically come with tunable parameters that have a considerable impact on the computational resources they consume. Too often, practitioners must hand-tune the parameters, a tedious and error-prone task. A recent line of research provides algorithms that return nearly-optimal parameters from within a finite set. These algorithms can be used when the parameter space is infinite by providing as input a random sample of parameters. This data-independent discretization, however, might miss pockets of nearly-optimal parameters: prior research has presented scenarios where the only viable parameters lie within an arbitrarily small region. We provide an algorithm that learns a finite set of promising parameters from within an infinite set. Our algorithm can help compile a configuration portfolio, or it can be used to select the input to a configuration algorithm for finite parameter spaces. Our approach applies to any configuration problem that satisfies a simple yet ubiquitous structure: the algorithm's performance is a piecewise constant function of its parameters. Prior research has exhibited this structure in domains from integer programming to clustering. For these types of combinatorial problems, this is the first configuration algorithm beyond exhaustive search whose output provably competes with the best parameters from an infinite space. 

030__ Unsupervised Intuitive Physics from Past Experiences__arXiv:1905.10793
Author: S¨¦bastien Ehrhardt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10793
 Abstract: We are interested in learning models of intuitive physics similar to the ones that animals use for navigation, manipulation and planning. In addition to learning general physical principles, however, we are also interested in learning ``on the fly'', from a few experiences, physical properties specific to new environments. We do all this in an unsupervised manner, using a meta-learning formulation where the goal is to predict videos containing demonstrations of physical phenomena, such as objects moving and colliding with a complex background. We introduce the idea of summarizing past experiences in a very compact manner, in our case using dynamic images, and show that this can be used to solve the problem well and efficiently. Empirically, we show via extensive experiments and ablation studies, that our model learns to perform physical predictions that generalize well in time and space, as well as to a variable number of interacting physical objects. 

031__ Dual Averaging Method for Online Graph-structured Sparsity__arXiv:1905.10714
Author: Baojian Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10714
 Abstract: Online learning algorithms update models via one sample per iteration, thus efficient to process large-scale datasets and useful to detect malicious events for social benefits, such as disease outbreak and traffic congestion on the fly. However, existing algorithms for graph-structured models focused on the offline setting and the least square loss, incapable for online setting, while methods designed for online setting cannot be directly applied to the problem of complex (usually non-convex) graph-structured sparsity model. To address these limitations, in this paper we propose a new algorithm for graph-structured sparsity constraint problems under online setting, which we call \textsc{GraphDA}. The key part in \textsc{GraphDA} is to project both averaging gradient (in dual space) and primal variables (in primal space) onto lower dimensional subspaces, thus capturing the graph-structured sparsity effectively. Furthermore, the objective functions assumed here are generally convex so as to handle different losses for online learning settings. To the best of our knowledge, \textsc{GraphDA} is the first online learning algorithm for graph-structure constrained optimization problems. To validate our method, we conduct extensive experiments on both benchmark graph and real-world graph datasets. Our experiment results show that, compared to other baseline methods, \textsc{GraphDA} not only improves classification performance, but also successfully captures graph-structured features more effectively, hence stronger interpretability. 

032__ A Lipschitz-constrained anomaly discriminator framework__arXiv:1905.10710
Author: Alexander Tong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10710
 Abstract: Anomaly detection is a problem of great interest in medicine, finance, and other fields where error and fraud need to be detected and corrected. Most deep anomaly detection methods rely on autoencoder reconstruction error. However, we show that this approach has limited value. First, this approach starts to perform poorly when either noise or anomalies contaminate training data, even to a small extent. Second, this approach cannot detect anomalous but simple to reconstruct points. This can be seen even in relatively simple examples, such as feeding a black image to detectors trained on MNIST digits. Here, we introduce a new discriminator-based unsupervised Lipschitz anomaly detector (LAD). We train a Wasserstein discriminator, similar to the ones used in GANs, to detect the difference between the training data and corruptions of the training data. We show that this procedure successfully detects unseen anomalies with guarantees on those that have a certain Wasserstein distance from the data or corrupted training set. Finally, we show results of this system in an electronic medical record dataset of HIV-positive veterans from the veterans aging cohort study (VACS) to establish usability in a medical setting. 

033__ Using an AI-Powered Chatbot to Conduct  Conversational Surveys__arXiv:1905.10700
Author: Ziang Xiao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10700
 Abstract: The rise of increasingly more powerful chatbots offers a new way to collect information through conversational surveys, where a chatbot asks open-ended questions, interprets a user's free-text responses, and probes answers when needed. To investigate the effectiveness and limitations of such a chatbot in conducting surveys, we conducted a field study involving about 600 participants. In this study, half of the participants took a typical online survey on Qualtrics and the other half interacted with an AI-powered chatbot to complete a conversational survey. Our detailed analysis of over 5200 free-text responses revealed that the chatbot drove a significantly higher level of participant engagement and elicited significantly better quality responses in terms of relevance, depth, and readability. Based on our results, we discuss design implications for creating AI-powered chatbots to conduct effective surveys and beyond. 

034__ Hierarchical Invertible Neural Transport for General and  Sequential Bayesian inference__arXiv:1905.10687
Author: Gianluca Detommaso
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10687
 Abstract: In this paper, we introduce Hierarchical Invertible Neural Transport (HINT), an algorithm that merges Invertible Neural Networks and optimal transport to sample from a posterior distribution in a Bayesian framework. This method exploits a hierarchical architecture to construct a Knothe-Rosenblatt transport map between an arbitrary density and the joint density of hidden variables and observations. After training the map, samples from the posterior can be immediately recovered for any contingent observation. Any underlying model evaluation can be performed fully offline from training without the need of a model-gradient. Furthermore, no analytical evaluation of the prior is necessary, which makes HINT an ideal candidate for sequential Bayesian inference. We demonstrate the efficacy of HINT on two numerical experiments. 

035__ Composing Ensembles of Policies with Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.10681
Author: Ahmed H. Qureshi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10681
 Abstract: Composition of elementary skills into complex behaviors to solve challenging problems is one of the key elements toward building intelligent machines. To date, there has been plenty of work on learning new policies or skills but almost no focus on composing them to perform complex decision-making. In this paper, we propose a policy ensemble composition framework that takes the robot's primitive policies and learns to compose them concurrently or sequentially through reinforcement learning. We evaluate our method in problems where traditional approaches either fail or exhibit high sample complexity to find a solution. We show that our method not only solves the problems that require both task and motion planning but also exhibits high data efficiency, which is currently one of the main limitations of reinforcement learning. 

036__ Compositional Fairness Constraints for Graph Embeddings__arXiv:1905.10674
Author: Avishek Joey Bose
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10674
 Abstract: Learning high-quality node embeddings is a key building block for machine learning models that operate on graph data, such as social networks and recommender systems. However, existing graph embedding techniques are unable to cope with fairness constraints, e.g., ensuring that the learned representations do not correlate with certain attributes, such as age or gender. Here, we introduce an adversarial framework to enforce fairness constraints on graph embeddings. Our approach is {\em compositional}---meaning that it can flexibly accommodate different combinations of fairness constraints during inference. For instance, in the context of social recommendations, our framework would allow one user to request that their recommendations are invariant to both their age and gender, while also allowing another user to request invariance to just their age. Experiments on standard knowledge graph and recommender system benchmarks highlight the utility of our proposed framework. 

037__ Dense-and-Implicit Attention Network__arXiv:1905.10671
Author: Zhongzhan Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10671
 Abstract: Attention-based deep neural networks (DNNs) that emphasize the informative information in a local receptive field of an input image have successfully boosted the performance of deep learning in various challenging problems. In this paper, we propose a Dense-and-Implicit-Attention (DIA) unit that can be applied universally to different network architectures and enhance their generalization capacity by repeatedly fusing the information throughout different network layers. The communication of information between different layers is carried out via a modified Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) module within the DIA unit that is in parallel with the DNN. The sharing DIA unit links multi-scale features from different depth levels of the network implicitly and densely. Experiments on benchmark datasets show that the DIA unit is capable of emphasizing channel-wise feature interrelation and leads to significant improvement of image classification accuracy. We further empirically show that the DIA unit is a nonlocal normalization tool that enhances the Batch Normalization. The code is released at this https URL 

038__ Entity Summarization with Attention__arXiv:1905.10625
Author: Dongjun Wei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10625
 Abstract: Entity summarization aims at creating brief but informative descriptions of entities from knowledge graphs. While previous work mostly focused on traditional techniques such as clustering algorithms and graph models, we ask how to apply deep learning methods into this task. In this paper we propose ESA, a neural network with supervised attention mechanisms for entity summarization. Specifically, we calculate attention weights for facts in each entity, and rank facts to generate reliable summaries. We explore techniques to solve difficult learning problems presented by the ESA, and demonstrate the effectiveness of our model in comparison with the state-of-the-art methods. Experimental results show that our model improves the quality of the entity summaries in both F-measure and MAP. 

039__ Attacking Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.10615
Author: Adam Gleave
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10615
 Abstract: Deep reinforcement learning (RL) policies are known to be vulnerable to adversarial perturbations to their observations, similar to adversarial examples for classifiers. However, an attacker is not usually able to directly modify another agent's observations. This might lead one to wonder: is it possible to attack an RL agent simply by choosing an adversarial policy acting in a multi-agent environment so as to create natural observations that are adversarial? We demonstrate the existence of adversarial policies in zero-sum games between simulated humanoid robots with proprioceptive observations, against state-of-the-art victims trained via self-play to be robust to opponents. The adversarial policies reliably win against the victims but generate seemingly random and uncoordinated behavior. We find that these policies are more successful in high-dimensional environments, and induce substantially different activations in the victim policy network than when the victim plays against a normal opponent. Videos are available at this http URL 

040__ Automated Security Policy Implementation Using Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1905.10517
Author: Yoni Birman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10517
 Abstract: Malware detection is an ever-present challenge for all organizational gatekeepers. Organizations often deploy numerous different malware detection tools, and then combine their output to produce a final classification for an inspected file. This approach has two significant drawbacks. First, it requires large amounts of computing resources and time since every incoming file needs to be analyzed by all detectors. Secondly, it is difficult to accurately and dynamically enforce a predefined security policy that comports with the needs of each organization (e.g., how tolerant is the organization to false negatives and false positives). In this study we propose ASPIRE, a reinforcement learning (RL)-based method for malware detection. Our approach receives the organizational policy -- defined solely by the perceived costs of correct/incorrect classifications and of computing resources -- and then dynamically assigns detection tools and sets the detection threshold for each inspected file. We demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our approach by conducting an extensive evaluation on multiple organizational policies. ASPIRE performed well in all scenarios, even achieving near-optimal accuracy of 96.21% (compared to an optimum of 96.86%) at approximately 20% of the running time of this baseline. 

041__ Resisting Adversarial Attacks by $k$-Winners-Take-All__arXiv:1905.10510
Author: Chang Xiao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10510
 Abstract: We propose a simple change to the current neural network structure for defending against gradient-based adversarial attacks. Instead of using popular activation functions (such as ReLU), we advocate the use of $k$-Winners-Take-All ($k$-WTA) activation, a $C^0$ discontinuous function that purposely invalidates the neural network model's gradient at densely distributed input data points. Our proposal is theoretically rationalized. We show why the discontinuities in $k$-WTA networks can largely prevent gradient-based search of adversarial examples and why they at the same time remain innocuous to the network training. This understanding is also empirically backed. Even without notoriously expensive adversarial training, the robustness performance of our networks is comparable to conventional ReLU networks optimized by adversarial training. Furthermore, after also optimized through adversarial training, our networks outperform the state-of-the-art methods under white-box attacks on various datasets that we experimented with. 

042__ Learning to Reason in Large Theories without Imitation__arXiv:1905.10501
Author: Kshitij Bansal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10501
 Abstract: Automated theorem proving in large theories can be learned via reinforcement learning over an indefinitely growing action space. In order to select actions, one performs nearest neighbor lookups in the knowledge base to find premises to be applied. Here we address the exploration for reinforcement learning in this space. Approaches (like epsilon-greedy strategy) that sample actions uniformly do not scale to this scenario as most actions lead to dead ends and unsuccessful proofs which are not useful for training our models. In this paper, we compare approaches that select premises using randomly initialized similarity measures and mixing them with the proposals of the learned model. We evaluate these on the HOList benchmark for tactics based higher order theorem proving. We implement an automated theorem prover named DeepHOL-Zero that does not use any of the human proofs and show that our improved exploration method manages to expand the training set continuously. DeepHOL-Zero outperforms the best theorem prover trained by imitation learning alone. 

043__ Finding new routes for integrating Multi-Agent Systems using Apache  Camel__arXiv:1905.10490
Author: Cleber Jorge Amaral
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10490
 Abstract: In Multi-Agent Systems (MAS) there are two main models of interaction: among agents, and between agents and the environment. Although there are studies considering these models, there is no practical tool to afford the interaction with external entities with both models. This paper presents a proposal for such a tool based on the Apache Camel framework by designing two new components, namely camel-jason and camel-artifact. By means of these components, an external entity is modelled according to its nature, i.e., whether it is autonomous or non-autonomous, interacting with the MAS respectively as an agent or an artifact. It models coherently external entities whereas Camel provides interoperability with several communication protocols. 

044__ A Conservative Estimate of HumanPerformance on the  GLUE Benchmark__arXiv:1905.10425
Author: Nikita Nangia
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10425
 Abstract: The GLUE benchmark (Wang et al., 2019b) is a suite of language understanding tasks which has seen dramatic progress in the past year, with average performance moving from 70.0 at launch to 83.9, state of the art at the time of writing (May 24, 2019). Here, we measure human performance on the benchmark, in order to learn whether significant headroom remains for further progress. We provide a conservative estimate of human performance on the benchmark through crowdsourcing: Our annotators are non-experts who must learn each task from a brief set of instructions and 20 examples. In spite of limited training, these annotators robustly outperform the state of the art on six of the nine GLUE tasks and achieve an average score of 87.1. Given the fast pace of progress however, the headroom we observe is quite limited. To reproduce the data-poor setting that our annotators must learn in, we also train the BERT model (Devlin et al., 2019) in limited-data regimes, and conclude that low-resource sentence classification remains a challenge for modern neural network approaches to text understanding. 

045__ Differentiable Representations For Multihop Inference Rules__arXiv:1905.10417
Author: William W. Cohen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10417
 Abstract: We present efficient differentiable implementations of second-order multi-hop reasoning using a large symbolic knowledge base (KB). We introduce a new operation which can be used to compositionally construct second-order multi-hop templates in a neural model, and evaluate a number of alternative implementations, with different time and memory trade offs. These techniques scale to KBs with millions of entities and tens of millions of triples, and lead to simple models with competitive performance on several learning tasks requiring multi-hop reasoning. 

046__ Using Deep Networks and Transfer Learning to Address Disinformation__arXiv:1905.10412
Author: Numa Dhamani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10412
 Abstract: We apply an ensemble pipeline composed of a character-level convolutional neural network (CNN) and a long short-term memory (LSTM) as a general tool for addressing a range of disinformation problems. We also demonstrate the ability to use this architecture to transfer knowledge from labeled data in one domain to related (supervised and unsupervised) tasks. Character-level neural networks and transfer learning are particularly valuable tools in the disinformation space because of the messy nature of social media, lack of labeled data, and the multi-channel tactics of influence campaigns. We demonstrate their effectiveness in several tasks relevant for detecting disinformation: spam emails, review bombing, political sentiment, and conversation clustering. 

047__ Interpretable Reinforcement Learning using Information  Maximization__arXiv:1905.10404
Author: Aadil Hayat
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10404
 Abstract: Recent advances in reinforcement learning have proved that given an environment we can learn to perform a task in that environment if we have access to some form of a reward function (dense, sparse or derived from IRL). But most of the algorithms focus on learning a single best policy to perform a given set of tasks. In this paper, we focus on an algorithm that learns to not just perform a task but different ways to perform the same task. As we know when the environment is complex enough there always exists multiple ways to perform a task. We show that using the concept of information maximization it is possible to learn latent codes for discovering multiple ways to perform any given task in an environment. 