------------------------------
Thu, Jun 06  2019
------------------------------
29 new papers today.error here, check on website.

002__ Building a Computer Mahjong Player via Deep Convolutional Neural  Networks__arXiv:1906.02146
Author: Shiqi Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02146
 Abstract: The evaluation function for imperfect information games is always hard to define but owns a significant impact on the playing strength of a program. Deep learning has made great achievements these years, and already exceeded the top human players' level even in the game of Go. In this paper, we introduce a new data model to represent the available imperfect information on the game table, and construct a well-designed convolutional neural network for game record training. We choose the accuracy of tile discarding which is also called as the agreement rate as the benchmark for this study. Our accuracy on test data reaches 70.44%, while the state-of-art baseline is 62.1% reported by Mizukami and Tsuruoka (2015), and is significantly higher than previous trials using deep learning, which shows the promising potential of our new model. For the AI program building, besides the tile discarding strategy, we adopt similar predicting strategies for other actions such as stealing (pon, chi, and kan) and riichi. With the simple combination of these several predicting networks and without any knowledge about the concrete rules of the game, a strength evaluation is made for the resulting program on the largest Japanese Mahjong site `Tenhou'gm. The program has achieved a rating of around 1850, which is significantly higher than that of an average human player and of programs among past studies. error here, check on website.error here, check on website.

005__ An Open Framework for Edge Intelligence__arXiv:1906.01864
Author: Xingzhou Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01864
 Abstract: In the last five years, edge computing has attracted tremendous attention from industry and academia due to its promise to reduce latency, save bandwidth, improve availability, and protect data privacy to keep data secure. At the same time, we have witnessed the proliferation of AI algorithms and models which accelerate the successful deployment of intelligence mainly in cloud services. These two trends, combined together, have created a new horizon: Edge Intelligence (EI). The development of EI requires much attention from both the computer systems research community and the AI community to meet these demands. However, existing computing techniques used in the cloud are not applicable to edge computing directly due to the diversity of computing sources and the distribution of data sources. We envision that there missing a framework that can be rapidly deployed on edge and enable edge AI capabilities. To address this challenge, in this paper we first present the definition and a systematic review of EI. Then, we introduce an Open Framework for Edge Intelligence (OpenEI), which is a lightweight software platform to equip edges with intelligent processing and data sharing capability. We analyze four fundamental EI techniques which are used to build OpenEI and identify several open problems based on potential research directions. Finally, four typical application scenarios enabled by OpenEI are presented. 

006__ Risks from Learned Optimization in Advanced Machine Learning Systems__arXiv:1906.01820
Author: Evan Hubinger
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01820
 Abstract: We analyze the type of learned optimization that occurs when a learned model (such as a neural network) is itself an optimizer - a situation we refer to as mesa-optimization, a neologism we introduce in this paper. We believe that the possibility of mesa-optimization raises two important questions for the safety and transparency of advanced machine learning systems. First, under what circumstances will learned models be optimizers, including when they should not be? Second, when a learned model is an optimizer, what will its objective be - how will it differ from the loss function it was trained under - and how can it be aligned? In this paper, we provide an in-depth analysis of these two primary questions and provide an overview of topics for future research. 

007__ A Probabilistic Approach for Precise Visual  Acuity Testing__arXiv:1906.01811
Author: Chris Piech
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01811
 Abstract: Chart-based visual acuity measurements are used by billions of people to diagnose and guide treatment of vision impairment. However, the ubiquitous eye exam has no mechanism for reasoning about uncertainty and as such, suffers from a well-documented reproducibility problem. In this paper we uncover a new parametric probabilistic model of visual acuity response based on measurements of patients with eye disease. We present a state of the art eye exam which (1) reduces acuity exam error by 75\% without increasing exam length, (2) knows how confident it should be, (3) can trace predictions over time and incorporate prior beliefs and (4) provides insight for educational Item Response Theory. For patients with more serious eye disease, the novel ability to finely measure acuity from home could be a crucial part in early diagnosis. We provide a web implementation of our algorithm for anyone in the world to use. 

008__ Balanced Ranking with Diversity Constraints__arXiv:1906.01747
Author: Ke Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01747
 Abstract: Many set selection and ranking algorithms have recently been enhanced with diversity constraints that aim to explicitly increase representation of historically disadvantaged populations, or to improve the overall representativeness of the selected set. An unintended consequence of these constraints, however, is reduced in-group fairness: the selected candidates from a given group may not be the best ones, and this unfairness may not be well-balanced across groups. In this paper we study this phenomenon using datasets that comprise multiple sensitive attributes. We then introduce additional constraints, aimed at balancing the \in-group fairness across groups, and formalize the induced optimization problems as integer linear programs. Using these programs, we conduct an experimental evaluation with real datasets, and quantify the feasible trade-offs between balance and overall performance in the presence of diversity constraints. 

009__ Stronger Multi-scale Deep Graph Convolutional  Networks__arXiv:1906.02174
Author: Sitao Luan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02174
 Abstract: Recently, neural network based approaches have achieved significant improvement for solving large, complex, graph-structured problems. However, their bottlenecks ] still need to be addressed, and the advantages of multi-scale information and deep architectures have not been sufficiently exploited. In this paper, we theoretically analyze how existing Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have limited expressive power due to the constraint of the activation functions and their architectures. We generalize spectral graph convolution and deep GCN in block Krylov subspace forms and devise two architectures, both with the potential to be scaled deeper but each making use of the multi-scale information in different ways. We further show that the equivalence of these two architectures can be established under certain conditions. On several node classification tasks, with or without the help of validation, the two new architectures achieve better performance compared to many state-of-the-art methods. 

010__ A Maximum Entropy Optimization  Framework__arXiv:1906.02164
Author: L. Elisa Celis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02164
 Abstract: One reason for the emergence of bias in AI systems is biased data -- datasets that may not be true representations of the underlying distributions -- and may over or under-represent groups with respect to protected attributes such as gender or race. We consider the problem of correcting such biases and learning distributions that are "fair", with respect to measures such as proportional representation and statistical parity, from the given samples. Our approach is based on a novel formulation of the problem of learning a fair distribution as a maximum entropy optimization problem with a given expectation vector and a prior distribution. Technically, our main contributions are: (1) a new second-order method to compute the (dual of the) maximum entropy distribution over an exponentially-sized discrete domain that turns out to be faster than previous methods, and (2) methods to construct prior distributions and expectation vectors that provably guarantee that the learned distributions satisfy a wide class of fairness criteria. Our results also come with quantitative bounds on the total variation distance between the empirical distribution obtained from the samples and the learned fair distribution. Our experimental results include testing our approach on the COMPAS dataset and showing that the fair distributions not only improve disparate impact values but when used to train classifiers only incur a small loss of accuracy. 

011__ Process Extraction from Texts via Multi-Task Architecture__arXiv:1906.02127
Author: Chen Qian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02127
 Abstract: Process extraction, a recently emerged interdiscipline, aims to extract procedural knowledge expressed in texts. Previous process extractors heavily depend on domain-specific linguistic knowledge, thus suffer from the problems of poor quality and lack of adaptability. In this paper, we propose a multi-task architecture based model to perform process extraction. This is the first attempt that brings deep learning in process extraction. Specifically, we divide process extraction into three complete and independent subtasks: sentence classification, sentence semantic recognition and semantic role labeling. All of these subtasks are trained jointly, using a weight-sharing multi-task learning (MTL) framework. Moreover, instead of using fixed-size filters, we use multiscale convolutions to perceive more local contextual features. Finally, we propose a recurrent construction algorithm to create a graphical representation from the extracted procedural knowledge. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach can extract more accurate procedural information than state-of-the-art baselines. 

012__ Extractive Summarization via Weighted Dissimilarity and Importance  Aligned Key Iterative Algorithm__arXiv:1906.02126
Author: Ryohto Sawada
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02126
 Abstract: We present importance aligned key iterative algorithm for extractive summarization that is faster than conventional algorithms keeping its accuracy. The computational complexity of our algorithm is O($SNlogN$) to summarize original $N$ sentences into final $S$ sentences. Our algorithm maximizes the weighted dissimilarity defined by the product of importance and cosine dissimilarity so that the summary represents the document and at the same time the sentences of the summary are not similar to each other. The weighted dissimilarity is heuristically maximized by iterative greedy search and binary search to the sentences ordered by importance. We finally show a benchmark score based on summarization of customer reviews of products, which highlights the quality of our algorithm comparable to human and existing algorithms. We provide the source code of our algorithm on github this https URL . 

013__ Strong and Simple Baselines for Multimodal Utterance Embeddings__arXiv:1906.02125
Author: Paul Pu Liang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02125
 Abstract: Human language is a rich multimodal signal consisting of spoken words, facial expressions, body gestures, and vocal intonations. Learning representations for these spoken utterances is a complex research problem due to the presence of multiple heterogeneous sources of information. Recent advances in multimodal learning have followed the general trend of building more complex models that utilize various attention, memory and recurrent components. In this paper, we propose two simple but strong baselines to learn embeddings of multimodal utterances. The first baseline assumes a conditional factorization of the utterance into unimodal factors. Each unimodal factor is modeled using the simple form of a likelihood function obtained via a linear transformation of the embedding. We show that the optimal embedding can be derived in closed form by taking a weighted average of the unimodal features. In order to capture richer representations, our second baseline extends the first by factorizing into unimodal, bimodal, and trimodal factors, while retaining simplicity and efficiency during learning and inference. From a set of experiments across two tasks, we show strong performance on both supervised and semi-supervised multimodal prediction, as well as significant (10 times) speedups over neural models during inference. Overall, we believe that our strong baseline models offer new benchmarking options for future research in multimodal learning. 

014__ A Large-scale Evaluation Set for Selectional Preference  Acquisition__arXiv:1906.02123
Author: Hongming Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02123
 Abstract: Selectional Preference (SP) is a commonly observed language phenomenon and proved to be useful in many natural language processing tasks. To provide a better evaluation method for SP models, we introduce SP-10K, a large-scale evaluation set that provides human ratings for the plausibility of 10,000 SP pairs over five SP relations, covering 2,500 most frequent verbs, nouns, and adjectives in American English. Three representative SP acquisition methods based on pseudo-disambiguation are evaluated with SP-10K. To demonstrate the importance of our dataset, we investigate the relationship between SP-10K and the commonsense knowledge in ConceptNet5 and show the potential of using SP to represent the commonsense knowledge. We also use the Winograd Schema Challenge to prove that the proposed new SP relations are essential for the hard pronoun coreference resolution problem. error here, check on website.

016__ Viewpoint__arXiv:1906.02090
Author: Michael van Hartskamp
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02090
 Abstract: The idea of Artificial Intelligence (AI) has a long history. It turned out, however, that reaching intelligence at human levels is more complicated than originally anticipated. Currently we are experiencing a renewed interest in AI, fueled by an enormous increase in computing power and an even larger increase in data, in combination with improved AI technologies like deep learning. Healthcare is considered the next domain to be revolutionized by Artificial Intelligence. While AI approaches are excellently suited to develop certain algorithms, for biomedical applications there are specific challenges. We propose recommendations to improve AI projects in the biomedical space and especially clinical healthcare. 

017__ An Effective Algorithm for Learning Single Occurrence Regular  Expressions with Interleaving__arXiv:1906.02074
Author: Yeting Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02074
 Abstract: The advantages offered by the presence of a schema are numerous. However, many XML documents in practice are not accompanied by a (valid) schema, making schema inference an attractive research problem. The fundamental task in XML schema learning is inferring restricted subclasses of regular expressions. Most previous work either lacks support for interleaving or only has limited support for interleaving. In this paper, we first propose a new subclass Single Occurrence Regular Expressions with Interleaving (SOIRE), which has unrestricted support for interleaving. Then, based on single occurrence automaton and maximum independent set, we propose an algorithm iSOIRE to infer SOIREs. Finally, we further conduct a series of experiments on real datasets to evaluate the effectiveness of our work, comparing with both ongoing learning algorithms in academia and industrial tools in real-world. The results reveal the practicability of SOIRE and the effectiveness of iSOIRE, showing the high preciseness and conciseness of our work. 

018__ Architectural Middleware that Supports Building High-performance,  Scalable, Ubiquitous, Intelligent Personal Assistants__arXiv:1906.02068
Author: Oscar J. Romero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02068
 Abstract: Intelligent Personal Assistants (IPAs) are software agents that can perform tasks on behalf of individuals and assist them on many of their daily activities. IPAs capabilities are expanding rapidly due to the recent advances on areas such as natural language processing, machine learning, artificial cognition, and ubiquitous computing, which equip the agents with competences to understand what users say, collect information from everyday ubiquitous devices (e.g., smartphones, wearables, tablets, laptops, cars, household appliances, etc.), learn user preferences, deliver data-driven search results, and make decisions based on user's context. Apart from the inherent complexity of building such IPAs, developers and researchers have to address many critical architectural challenges (e.g., low-latency, scalability, concurrency, ubiquity, code mobility, interoperability, support to cognitive services and reasoning, to name a few.), thereby diverting them from their main goal: building IPAs. Thus, our contribution in this paper is twofold: 1) we propose an architecture for a platform-agnostic, high-performance, ubiquitous, and distributed middleware that alleviates the burdensome task of dealing with low-level implementation details when building IPAs by adding multiple abstraction layers that hide the underlying complexity; and 2) we present an implementation of the middleware that concretizes the aforementioned architecture and allows the development of high-level capabilities while scaling the system up to hundreds of thousands of IPAs with no extra effort. We demonstrate the powerfulness of our middleware by analyzing software metrics for complexity, effort, performance, cohesion and coupling when developing a conversational IPA. 

019__ A Hybrid Algorithm for Metaheuristic Optimization__arXiv:1906.02010
Author: Sujit Pramod Khanna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02010
 Abstract: We propose a novel, flexible algorithm for combining together metaheuristicoptimizers for non-convex optimization problems. Our approach treatsthe constituent optimizers as a team of complex agents that communicateinformation amongst each other at various intervals during the simulationprocess. The information produced by each individual agent can be combinedin various ways via higher-level operators. In our experiments on keybenchmark functions, we investigate how the performance of our algorithmvaries with respect to several of its key modifiable properties. Finally,we apply our proposed algorithm to classification problems involving theoptimization of support-vector machine classifiers. 

020__ The Computational Structure of Unintentional Meaning__arXiv:1906.01983
Author: Mark K. Ho
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01983
 Abstract: Speech-acts can have literal meaning as well as pragmatic meaning, but these both involve consequences typically intended by a speaker. Speech-acts can also have unintentional meaning, in which what is conveyed goes above and beyond what was intended. Here, we present a Bayesian analysis of how, to a listener, the meaning of an utterance can significantly differ from a speaker's intended meaning. Our model emphasizes how comprehending the intentional and unintentional meaning of speech-acts requires listeners to engage in sophisticated model-based perspective-taking and reasoning about the history of the state of the world, each other's actions, and each other's observations. To test our model, we have human participants make judgments about vignettes where speakers make utterances that could be interpreted as intentional insults or unintentional faux pas. In elucidating the mechanics of speech-acts with unintentional meanings, our account provides insight into how communication both functions and malfunctions. 

021__ Converting RDF Triples into High-Quality Natural  Languages via Optimizing an Inverse KL Divergence__arXiv:1906.01965
Author: Yaoming Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01965
 Abstract: Knowledge base is one of the main forms to represent information in a structured way. A knowledge base typically consists of Resource Description Frameworks (RDF) triples which describe the entities and their relations. Generating natural language description of the knowledge base is an important task in NLP, which has been formulated as a conditional language generation task and tackled using the sequence-to-sequence framework. Current works mostly train the language models by maximum likelihood estimation, which tends to generate lousy sentences. In this paper, we argue that such a problem of maximum likelihood estimation is intrinsic, which is generally irrevocable via changing network structures. Accordingly, we propose a novel Triple-to-Text (T2T) framework, which approximately optimizes the inverse Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence between the distributions of the real and generated sentences. Due to the nature that inverse KL imposes large penalty on fake-looking samples, the proposed method can significantly reduce the probability of generating low-quality sentences. Our experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate that T2T can generate higher-quality sentences and outperform baseline models in several evaluation metrics. 

022__ Mapping  Risks in AI Generated Texts__arXiv:1906.01946
Author: Joseph Bullock
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01946
 Abstract: Automated text generation has been applied broadly in many domains such as marketing and robotics, and used to create chatbots, product reviews and write poetry. The ability to synthesize text, however, presents many potential risks, while access to the technology required to build generative models is becoming increasingly easy. This work is aligned with the efforts of the United Nations and other civil society organisations to highlight potential political and societal risks arising through the malicious use of text generation software, and their potential impact on human rights. As a case study, we present the findings of an experiment to generate remarks in the style of political leaders by fine-tuning a pretrained AWD- LSTM model on a dataset of speeches made at the UN General Assembly. This work highlights the ease with which this can be accomplished, as well as the threats of combining these techniques with other technologies. 

023__ Approximate Inference Turns Deep Networks into Gaussian Processes__arXiv:1906.01930
Author: Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01930
 Abstract: Deep neural networks (DNN) and Gaussian processes (GP) are two powerful models with several theoretical connections relating them, but the relationship between their training methods is not well understood. In this paper, we show that certain Gaussian posterior approximations for Bayesian DNNs are equivalent to GP posteriors. As a result, we can obtain a GP kernel and a nonlinear feature map simply by training the DNN. Surprisingly, the resulting kernel is the neural tangent kernel which has desirable theoretical properties for infinitely-wide DNNs. We show feature maps obtained on real datasets and demonstrate the use of the GP marginal likelihood to tune hyperparameters of DNNs. Our work aims to facilitate further research on combining DNNs and GPs in practical settings. 

024__ Detecting Kissing Scenes in a Database of Hollywood Films__arXiv:1906.01843
Author: Amir Ziai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01843
 Abstract: Detecting scene types in a movie can be very useful for application such as video editing, ratings assignment, and personalization. We propose a system for detecting kissing scenes in a movie. This system consists of two components. The first component is a binary classifier that predicts a binary label (i.e. kissing or not) given a features exctracted from both the still frames and audio waves of a one-second segment. The second component aggregates the binary labels for contiguous non-overlapping segments into a set of kissing scenes. We experimented with a variety of 2D and 3D convolutional architectures such as ResNet, DesnseNet, and VGGish and developed a highly accurate kissing detector that achieves a validation F1 score of 0.95 on a diverse database of Hollywood films ranging many genres and spanning multiple decades. The code for this project is available at this http URL 

025__ A Hierarchical Reinforced Sequence Operation Method for Unsupervised  Text Style Transfer__arXiv:1906.01833
Author: Chen Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01833
 Abstract: Unsupervised text style transfer aims to alter text styles while preserving the content, without aligned data for supervision. Existing seq2seq methods face three challenges: 1) the transfer is weakly interpretable, 2) generated outputs struggle in content preservation, and 3) the trade-off between content and style is intractable. To address these challenges, we propose a hierarchical reinforced sequence operation method, named Point-Then-Operate (PTO), which consists of a high-level agent that proposes operation positions and a low-level agent that alters the sentence. We provide comprehensive training objectives to control the fluency, style, and content of the outputs and a mask-based inference algorithm that allows for multi-step revision based on the single-step trained agents. Experimental results on two text style transfer datasets show that our method significantly outperforms recent methods and effectively addresses the aforementioned challenges. 

026__ Data Sketching for Faster Training of Machine Learning Models__arXiv:1906.01827
Author: Baharan Mirzasoleiman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01827
 Abstract: Many machine learning problems reduce to the problem of minimizing an expected risk, defined as the sum of a large number of, often convex, component functions. Iterative gradient methods are popular techniques for the above problems. However, they are in general slow to converge, in particular for large data sets. In this work, we develop analysis for selecting a subset (or sketch) of training data points with their corresponding learning rates in order to provide faster convergence to a close neighbordhood of the optimal solution. We show that subsets that minimize the upper-bound on the estimation error of the full gradient, maximize a submodular facility location function. As a result, by greedily maximizing the facility location function we obtain subsets that yield faster convergence to a close neighborhood of the optimum solution. We demonstrate the real-world effectiveness of our algorithm, SIG, confirming our analysis, through an extensive set of experiments on several applications, including logistic regression and training neural networks. We also include a method that provides a deliberate deterministic ordering of the data subset that is quite effective in practice. We observe that our method, while achieving practically the same loss, speeds up gradient methods by up to 10x for convex and 3x for non-convex (deep) functions. 

027__ One-pass Multi-task Networks with Cross-task Guided Attention for Brain  Tumor Segmentation__arXiv:1906.01796
Author: Chenhong Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01796
 Abstract: Class imbalance has been one of the major challenges for medical image segmentation. The model cascade (MC) strategy significantly alleviates class imbalance issue. In spite of its outstanding performance, this method leads to an undesired system complexity and meanwhile ignores the relevance among the models. To handle these flaws of MC, we propose in this paper a light-weight deep model, i.e., the One-pass Multi-task Network (OM-Net) to solve class imbalance better than MC and require only one-pass computation for brain tumor segmentation. First, OM-Net integrates the separate segmentation tasks into one deep model. Second, to optimize OM-Net more effectively, we take advantage of the correlation among tasks to design an online training data transfer strategy and a curriculum learning-based training strategy. Third, we further propose to share prediction results between tasks, which enables us to design a cross-task guided attention (CGA) module. With the guidance of prediction results provided by the previous task, CGA can adaptively recalibrate channel-wise feature responses based on the category-specific statistics. Finally, a simple yet effective post-processing method is introduced to refine the segmentation results of the proposed attention network. Extensive experiments are performed to justify the effectiveness of the proposed techniques. Most impressively, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on the BraTS 2015 and BraTS 2017 datasets. With the proposed approaches, we also won the joint third place in the BraTS 2018 challenge among 64 participating teams. We will make the code publicly available at this https URL 

028__ Visual Story Post-Editing__arXiv:1906.01764
Author: Ting-Yao Hsu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01764
 Abstract: We introduce the first dataset for human edits of machine-generated visual stories and explore how these collected edits may be used for the visual story post-editing task. The dataset, VIST-Edit, includes 14,905 human edited versions of 2,981 machine-generated visual stories. The stories were generated by two state-of-the-art visual storytelling models, each aligned to 5 human-edited versions. We establish baselines for the task, showing how a relatively small set of human edits can be leveraged to boost the performance of large visual storytelling models. We also discuss the weak correlation between automatic evaluation scores and human ratings, motivating the need for new automatic metrics. 

029__ On the Realization of Compositionality in Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.01634
Author: Joris Baan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01634
 Abstract: We present a detailed comparison of two types of sequence to sequence models trained to conduct a compositional task. The models are architecturally identical at inference time, but differ in the way that they are trained: our baseline model is trained with a task-success signal only, while the other model receives additional supervision on its attention mechanism (Attentive Guidance), which has shown to be an effective method for encouraging more compositional solutions (Hupkes et al.,2019). We first confirm that the models with attentive guidance indeed infer more compositional solutions than the baseline, by training them on the lookup table task presented by Li\v{s}ka et al. (2019). We then do an in-depth analysis of the structural differences between the two model types, focusing in particular on the organisation of the parameter space and the hidden layer activations and find noticeable differences in both these aspects. Guided networks focus more on the components of the input rather than the sequence as a whole and develop small functional groups of neurons with specific purposes that use their gates more selectively. Results from parameter heat maps, component swapping and graph analysis also indicate that guided networks exhibit a more modular structure with a small number of specialized, strongly connected neurons. 