------------------------------
Wed, May 15  2019
------------------------------
32 new papers today.

001__ Theory, Modeling  Methodologies and Practice__arXiv:1905.05713
Author: Alessandro Umbrico
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05713
 Abstract: Automated Planning is one of the main research field of Artificial Intelligence since its beginnings. Research in Automated Planning aims at developing general reasoners (i.e., planners) capable of automatically solve complex problems. Broadly speaking, planners rely on a general model characterizing the possible states of the world and the actions that can be performed in order to change the status of the world. Given a model and an initial known state, the objective of a planner is to synthesize a set of actions needed to achieve a particular goal state. The classical approach to planning roughly corresponds to the description given above. The timeline-based approach is a particular planning paradigm capable of integrating causal and temporal reasoning within a unified solving process. This approach has been successfully applied in many real-world scenarios although a common interpretation of the related planning concepts is missing. Indeed, there are significant differences among the existing frameworks that apply this technique. Each framework relies on its own interpretation of timeline-based planning and therefore it is not easy to compare these systems. Thus, the objective of this work is to investigate the timeline-based approach to planning by addressing several aspects ranging from the semantics of the related planning concepts to the modeling and solving techniques. Specifically, the main contributions of this PhD work consist of: (i) the proposal of a formal characterization of the timeline-based approach capable of dealing with temporal uncertainty; (ii) the proposal of a hierarchical modeling and solving approach; (iii) the development of a general purpose framework for planning and execution with timelines; (iv) the validation{\dag}of this approach in real-world manufacturing scenarios. 

002__ Markov versus quantum dynamic models of belief change during evidence  monitoring__arXiv:1905.05288
Author: Jerome R. Busemeyer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05288
 Abstract: Two different dynamic models for belief change during evidence monitoring were evaluated: Markov and quantum. They were empirically tested with an experiment in which participants monitored evidence for an initial period of time, made a probability rating, then monitored more evidence, before making a second rating. The models were qualitatively tested by manipulating the time intervals in a manner that provided a test for interference effects of the first rating on the second. The Markov model predicted no interference whereas the quantum model predicted interference. A quantitative comparison of the two models was also carried out using a generalization criterion method: the parameters were fit to data from one set of time intervals, and then these same parameters were used to predict data from another set of time intervals. The results indicated that some features of both Markov and quantum models are needed to accurately account for the results. 

003__ Design Space Exploration via Answer Set Programming Modulo Theories__arXiv:1905.05248
Author: Philipp Wanko
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05248
 Abstract: The design of embedded systems, that are ubiquitously used in mobile devices and cars, is becoming continuously more complex such that efficient system-level design methods are becoming crucial. My research aims at developing systems that help the designer express the complex design problem in a declarative way and explore the design space to obtain divers sets of solutions with desirable properties. To that end, we employ knowledge representation and reasoning capabilities of ASP in combination with background theories. As a result, for the first time, we proposed a sophisticated methodology that allows for the direct integration of multi-objective optimization of non-linear objectives into ASP. This includes unique results of diverse sub-problems covered in several publications which I will present in this work. 

004__ Interval Valued Trapezoidal Neutrosophic Set for Prioritization of  Non-functional Requirements__arXiv:1905.05238
Author: Kiran Khatter
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05238
 Abstract: This paper discusses the trapezoidal fuzzy number(TrFN); Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy number(IVIFN); neutrosophic set and its operational laws; and, trapezoidal neutrosophic set(TrNS) and its operational laws. Based on the combination of IVIFN and TrNS, an Interval Valued Trapezoidal Neutrosophic Set (IVTrNS) is proposed followed by its operational laws. The paper also presents the score and accuracy functions for the proposed Interval Valued Trapezoidal Neutrosophic Number (IVTrNN). Then, an interval valued trapezoidal neutrosophic weighted arithmetic averaging (IVTrNWAA) operator is introduced to combine the trapezoidal information which is neutrosophic and in the unit interval of real numbers. Finally, a method is developed to handle the problems in the multi attribute decision making(MADM) environment using IVTrNWAA operator followed by a numerical example of NFRs prioritization to illustrate the relevance of the developed method. 

005__ Towards a Quantum-Like Cognitive Architecture for Decision-Making__arXiv:1905.05176
Author: Catarina Moreira
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05176
 Abstract: We propose an alternative and unifying framework for decision-making that, by using quantum mechanics, provides more generalised cognitive and decision models with the ability to represent more information than classical models. This framework can accommodate and predict several cognitive biases reported in Lieder & Griffiths without heavy reliance on heuristics nor on assumptions of the computational resources of the mind. 

006__ Learnable Triangulation of Human Pose__arXiv:1905.05754
Author: Karim Iskakov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05754
 Abstract: We present two novel solutions for multi-view 3D human pose estimation based on new learnable triangulation methods that combine 3D information from multiple 2D views. The first (baseline) solution is a basic differentiable algebraic triangulation with an addition of confidence weights estimated from the input images. The second solution is based on a novel method of volumetric aggregation from intermediate 2D backbone feature maps. The aggregated volume is then refined via 3D convolutions that produce final 3D joint heatmaps and allow modelling a human pose prior. Crucially, both approaches are end-to-end differentiable, which allows us to directly optimize the target metric. We demonstrate transferability of the solutions across datasets and considerably improve the multi-view state of the art on the Human3.6M dataset. Video demonstration, annotations and additional materials will be posted on our project page (this https URL). 

007__ An Option Discovery Framework for Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1905.05731
Author: Rahul Ramesh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05731
 Abstract: The options framework in reinforcement learning models the notion of a skill or a temporally extended sequence of actions. The discovery of a reusable set of skills has typically entailed building options, that navigate to bottleneck states. This work adopts a complementary approach, where we attempt to discover options that navigate to landmark states. These states are prototypical representatives of well-connected regions and can hence access the associated region with relative ease. In this work, we propose Successor Options, which leverages Successor Representations to build a model of the state space. The intra-option policies are learnt using a novel pseudo-reward and the model scales to high-dimensional spaces easily. Additionally, we also propose an Incremental Successor Options model that iterates between constructing Successor Representations and building options, which is useful when robust Successor Representations cannot be built solely from primitive actions. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach on a collection of grid-worlds, and on the high-dimensional robotic control environment of Fetch. 

008__ Trajectory-Based Off-Policy Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.05710
Author: Andreas Doerr
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05710
 Abstract: Policy gradient methods are powerful reinforcement learning algorithms and have been demonstrated to solve many complex tasks. However, these methods are also data-inefficient, afflicted with high variance gradient estimates, and frequently get stuck in local optima. This work addresses these weaknesses by combining recent improvements in the reuse of off-policy data and exploration in parameter space with deterministic behavioral policies. The resulting objective is amenable to standard neural network optimization strategies like stochastic gradient descent or stochastic gradient Hamiltonian Monte Carlo. Incorporation of previous rollouts via importance sampling greatly improves data-efficiency, whilst stochastic optimization schemes facilitate the escape from local optima. We evaluate the proposed approach on a series of continuous control benchmark tasks. The results show that the proposed algorithm is able to successfully and reliably learn solutions using fewer system interactions than standard policy gradient methods. 

009__ Challenges in Building Intelligent Open-domain Dialog Systems__arXiv:1905.05709
Author: Minlie Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05709
 Abstract: There is a resurgent interest in developing intelligent open-domain dialog systems due to the availability of large amounts of conversational data and the recent progress on neural approaches to conversational AI. Unlike traditional task-oriented bots, an open-domain dialog system aims to establish long-term connections with users by satisfying the human need for communication, affection, and social belonging. This paper reviews the recent works on neural approaches that are devoted to addressing three challenges in developing such systems: semantics, consistency, and interactiveness. Semantics requires a dialog system to not only understand the content of the dialog but also identify user's social needs during the conversation. Consistency requires the system to demonstrate a consistent personality to win users trust and gain their long-term confidence. Interactiveness refers to the system's ability to generate interpersonal responses to achieve particular social goals such as entertainment, conforming, and task completion. The works we select to present here is based on our unique views and are by no means complete. Nevertheless, we hope that the discussion will inspire new research in developing more intelligent dialog systems. 

010__ The relational processing limits of classic and contemporary neural  network models of language processing__arXiv:1905.05708
Author: Guillermo Puebla
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05708
 Abstract: The ability of neural networks to capture relational knowledge is a matter of long-standing controversy. Recently, some researchers in the PDP side of the debate have argued that (1) classic PDP models can handle relational structure (Rogers & McClelland, 2008, 2014) and (2) the success of deep learning approaches to text processing suggests that structured representations are unnecessary to capture the gist of human language (Rabovsky et al., 2018). In the present study we tested the Story Gestalt model (St. John, 1992), a classic PDP model of text comprehension, and a Sequence-to-Sequence with Attention model (Bahdanau et al., 2015), a contemporary deep learning architecture for text processing. Both models were trained to answer questions about stories based on the thematic roles that several concepts played on the stories. In three critical test we varied the statistical structure of new stories while keeping their relational structure constant with respect to the training data. Each model was susceptible to each statistical structure manipulation to a different degree, with their performance failing below chance at least under one manipulation. We argue that the failures of both models are due to the fact that they cannotperform dynamic binding of independent roles and fillers. Ultimately, these results cast doubts onthe suitability of traditional neural networks models for explaining phenomena based on relational reasoning, including language processing. 

011__ Using syntactical and logical forms to evaluate textual inference  competence__arXiv:1905.05704
Author: Felipe Salvatore
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05704
 Abstract: In the light of recent breakthroughs in transfer learning for Natural Language Processing, much progress was achieved on Natural Language Inference. Different models are now presenting high accuracy on popular inference datasets such as SNLI, MNLI and SciTail. At the same time, there are different indicators that those datasets can be exploited by using some simple linguistic patterns. This fact poses difficulties to our understanding of the actual capacity of machine learning models to solve the complex task of textual inference. We propose a new set of tasks that require specific capacities over linguistic logical forms such as: i) Boolean coordination, ii) quantifiers, iii) definitive description, and iv) counting operators. By evaluating a model on our stratified dataset, we can better pinpoint the specific inferential difficulties of a model in each kind of textual structure. We evaluate two kinds of neural models that implicitly exploit language structure: recurrent models and the Transformer network BERT. We show that although BERT is clearly more efficient to generalize over most logical forms, there is space for improvement when dealing with counting operators. 

012__ Modeling user context for valence prediction from narratives__arXiv:1905.05701
Author: Aniruddha Tammewar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05701
 Abstract: Automated prediction of valence, one key feature of a person's emotional state, from individuals' personal narratives may provide crucial information for mental healthcare (e.g. early diagnosis of mental diseases, supervision of disease course, etc.). In the Interspeech 2018 ComParE Self-Assessed Affect challenge, the task of valence prediction was framed as a three-class classification problem using 8 seconds fragments from individuals' narratives. As such, the task did not allow for exploring contextual information of the narratives. In this work, we investigate the intrinsic information from multiple narratives recounted by the same individual in order to predict their current state-of-mind. Furthermore, with generalizability in mind, we decided to focus our experiments exclusively on textual information as the public availability of audio narratives is limited compared to text. Our hypothesis is, that context modeling might provide insights about emotion triggering concepts (e.g. events, people, places) mentioned in the narratives that are linked to an individual's state of mind. We explore multiple machine learning techniques to model narratives. We find that the models are able to capture inter-individual differences, leading to more accurate predictions of an individual's emotional state, as compared to single narratives. 

013__ a step forward for language understanding and synthesis__arXiv:1905.05700
Author: Waleed A. Yousef
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05700
 Abstract: Recognizing a piece of writing as a poem or prose is usually easy for the majority of people; however, only specialists can determine which meter a poem belongs to. In this paper, we build Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) models that can classify poems according to their meters from plain text. The input text is encoded at the character level and directly fed to the models without feature handcrafting. This is a step forward for machine understanding and synthesis of languages in general, and Arabic language in particular. Among the 16 poem meters of Arabic and the 4 meters of English the networks were able to correctly classify poem with an overall accuracy of 96.38\% and 82.31\% respectively. The poem datasets used to conduct this research were massive, over 1.5 million of verses, and were crawled from different nontechnical sources, almost Arabic and English literature sites, and in different heterogeneous and unstructured formats. These datasets are now made publicly available in clean, structured, and documented format for other future research. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this research is the first to address classifying poem meters in a machine learning approach, in general, and in RNN featureless based approach, in particular. In addition, the dataset is the first publicly available dataset ready for the purpose of future computational research. 

014__ A Unified Linear-Time Framework for Sentence-Level Discourse Parsing__arXiv:1905.05682
Author: Xiang Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05682
 Abstract: We propose an efficient neural framework for sentence-level discourse analysis in accordance with Rhetorical Structure Theory (RST). Our framework comprises a discourse segmenter to identify the elementary discourse units (EDU) in a text, and a discourse parser that constructs a discourse tree in a top-down fashion. Both the segmenter and the parser are based on Pointer Networks and operate in linear time. Our segmenter yields an $F_1$ score of 95.4, and our parser achieves an $F_1$ score of 81.7 on the aggregated labeled (relation) metric, surpassing previous approaches by a good margin and approaching human agreement on both tasks (98.3 and 83.0 $F_1$). 

015__ A Platform for Communication between the Sciences  of Biological and Artificial Intelligence__arXiv:1905.05675
Author: Radoslaw Martin Cichy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05675
 Abstract: In the last decade, artificial intelligence (AI) models inspired by the brain have made unprecedented progress in performing real-world perceptual tasks like object classification and speech recognition. Recently, researchers of natural intelligence have begun using those AI models to explore how the brain performs such tasks. These developments suggest that future progress will benefit from increased interaction between disciplines. Here we introduce the Algonauts Project as a structured and quantitative communication channel for interdisciplinary interaction between natural and artificial intelligence researchers. The project's core is an open challenge with a quantitative benchmark whose goal is to account for brain data through computational models. This project has the potential to provide better models of natural intelligence and to gather findings that advance AI. The 2019 Algonauts Project focuses on benchmarking computational models predicting human brain activity when people look at pictures of objects. The 2019 edition of the Algonauts Project is available online: this http URL 

016__ Quantitative Logic Reasoning__arXiv:1905.05665
Author: Marcelo Finger
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05665
 Abstract: In this paper we show several similarities among logic systems that deal simultaneously with deductive and quantitative inference. We claim it is appropriate to call the tasks those systems perform as Quantitative Logic Reasoning. Analogous properties hold throughout that class, for whose members there exists a set of linear algebraic techniques applicable in the study of satisfiability decision problems. In this presentation, we consider as Quantitative Logic Reasoning the tasks performed by propositional Probabilistic Logic; first-order logic with counting quantifiers over a fragment containing unary and limited binary predicates; and propositional Lukasiewicz Infinitely-valued Probabilistic Logic 

017__ Randomized Adversarial Imitation Learning for Autonomous Driving__arXiv:1905.05637
Author: MyungJae Shin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05637
 Abstract: With the evolution of various advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) platforms, the design of autonomous driving system is becoming more complex and safety-critical. The autonomous driving system simultaneously activates multiple ADAS functions; and thus it is essential to coordinate various ADAS functions. This paper proposes a randomized adversarial imitation learning (RAIL) method that imitates the coordination of autonomous vehicle equipped with advanced sensors. The RAIL policies are trained through derivative-free optimization for the decision maker that coordinates the proper ADAS functions, e.g., smart cruise control and lane keeping system. Especially, the proposed method is also able to deal with the LIDAR data and makes decisions in complex multi-lane highways and multi-agent environments. 

018__ Imputing Missing Events in Continuous-Time Event Streams__arXiv:1905.05570
Author: Hongyuan Mei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05570
 Abstract: Events in the world may be caused by other, unobserved events. We consider sequences of events in continuous time. Given a probability model of complete sequences, we propose particle smoothing---a form of sequential importance sampling---to impute the missing events in an incomplete sequence. We develop a trainable family of proposal distributions based on a type of bidirectional continuous-time LSTM: Bidirectionality lets the proposals condition on future observations, not just on the past as in particle filtering. Our method can sample an ensemble of possible complete sequences (particles), from which we form a single consensus prediction that has low Bayes risk under our chosen loss metric. We experiment in multiple synthetic and real domains, using different missingness mechanisms, and modeling the complete sequences in each domain with a neural Hawkes process (Mei & Eisner 2017). On held-out incomplete sequences, our method is effective at inferring the ground-truth unobserved events, with particle smoothing consistently improving upon particle filtering. 

019__ Targeting Traveling Salesman Problem with a deep reinforcement  learning inspired architecture__arXiv:1905.05567
Author: Gorker Alp Malazgirt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05567
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose TauRieL and target Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) since it has broad applicability in theoretical and applied sciences. TauRieL utilizes an actor-critic inspired architecture that adopts ordinary feedforward nets to obtain a policy update vector $v$. Then, we use $v$ to improve the state transition matrix from which we generate the policy. Also, the state transition matrix allows the solver to initialize from precomputed solutions such as nearest neighbors. In an online learning setting, TauRieL unifies the training and the search where it can generate near-optimal results in seconds. The input to the neural nets in the actor-critic architecture are raw 2-D inputs, and the design idea behind this decision is to keep neural nets relatively smaller than the architectures with wide embeddings with the tradeoff of omitting any distributed representations of the embeddings. Consequently, TauRieL generates TSP solutions two orders of magnitude faster per TSP instance as compared to state-of-the-art offline techniques with a performance impact of 6.1\% in the worst case. 

020__ Is Word Segmentation Necessary for Deep Learning of Chinese  Representations?__arXiv:1905.05526
Author: Yuxian Meng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05526
 Abstract: Segmenting a chunk of text into words is usually the first step of processing Chinese text, but its necessity has rarely been explored. In this paper, we ask the fundamental question of whether Chinese word segmentation (CWS) is necessary for deep learning-based Chinese Natural Language Processing. We benchmark neural word-based models which rely on word segmentation against neural char-based models which do not involve word segmentation in four end-to-end NLP benchmark tasks: language modeling, machine translation, sentence matching/paraphrase and text classification. Through direct comparisons between these two types of models, we find that char-based models consistently outperform word-based models. Based on these observations, we conduct comprehensive experiments to study why word-based models underperform char-based models in these deep learning-based NLP tasks. We show that it is because word-based models are more vulnerable to data sparsity and the presence of out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words, and thus more prone to overfitting. We hope this paper could encourage researchers in the community to rethink the necessity of word segmentation in deep learning-based Chinese Natural Language Processing. \footnote{Yuxian Meng and Xiaoya Li contributed equally to this paper.} 

021__ Bias-Reduced Hindsight Experience Replay with Virtual Goal  Prioritization__arXiv:1905.05498
Author: Binyamin Manela
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05498
 Abstract: Hindsight Experience Replay (HER) is a multi-goal reinforcement learning algorithm for sparse reward functions. The algorithm treats every failure as a success for an alternative (virtual) goal that has been achieved in the episode. Virtual goals are randomly selected, irrespective of which are most instructive for the agent. In this paper, we present two improvements over the existing HER algorithm. First, we prioritize virtual goals from which the agent will learn more valuable information. We call this property the instructiveness of the virtual goal and define it by a heuristic measure, which expresses how well the agent will be able to generalize from that virtual goal to actual goals. Secondly, we reduce existing bias in HER by the removal of misleading samples. To test our algorithms, we built two challenging environments with sparse reward functions. Our empirical results in both environments show vast improvement in the final success rate and sample efficiency when compared to the original HER algorithm. 

022__ American Sign Language Alphabet Recognition using Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.05487
Author: Nikhil Kasukurthi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05487
 Abstract: Tremendous headway has been made in the field of 3D hand pose estimation but the 3D depth cameras are usually inaccessible. We propose a model to recognize American Sign Language alphabet from RGB images. Images for the training were resized and pre-processed before training the Deep Neural Network. The model was trained on a squeezenet architecture to make it capable of running on mobile devices with an accuracy of 83.29%. 

023__ Crowdsourcing Data Acquisition via Social Networks__arXiv:1905.05481
Author: Wen Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05481
 Abstract: We consider a requester who acquires a set of data (e.g. images) that is not owned by one party. In order to collect all the data, crowdsourcing mechanisms have been widely used to seek help from the crowd. However, existing mechanisms rely on third-party platforms, and the workers from these platforms are not necessarily helpful and redundant data are also not properly handled. To combat this problem, we propose a novel crowdsourcing mechanism based on social networks, where the rewards of the workers are calculated by information entropy and a modified Shapley value. This mechanism incentivizes the workers from the network to not only provide all data they have, but also further invite their neighbours to offer more data. Eventually, the mechanism is able to acquire all data from all workers on the network with a constrained reward spending. 

024__ Parallel genetic algorithm for planning safe and optimal route for ship__arXiv:1905.05478
Author: Ivan Yanchin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05478
 Abstract: The paper represents an algorithm for planning safe and optimal routes for transport facilities with unrestricted movement direction that travel within areas with obstacles. Paper explains the algorithm using a ship as an example of such a transport facility. This paper also provides a survey of several existing solutions for the problem. The method employs an evolutionary algorithm to plan several locally optimal routes and a parallel genetic algorithm to create the final route by optimising the abovementioned set of routes. The routes are optimized against the arrival time, assuming that the optimal route is the route with the lowermost arrival time. It is also possible to apply additional restriction to the routes. 

025__ Improving Neural Conversational Models with Entropy-Based Data Filtering__arXiv:1905.05471
Author: Richard Csaky
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05471
 Abstract: Current neural-network based conversational models lack diversity and generate boring responses to open-ended utterances. Priors such as persona, emotion, or topic provide additional information to dialog models to aid response generation, but annotating a dataset with priors is expensive and such annotations are rarely available. While previous methods for improving the quality of open-domain response generation focused on either the underlying model or the training objective, we present a method of filtering dialog datasets by removing generic utterances from training data using a simple entropy-based approach that does not require human supervision. We conduct extensive experiments with different variations of our method, and compare dialog models across 13 evaluation metrics to show that training on datasets filtered in this way results in better conversational quality as chatbots learn to output more diverse responses. 

026__ Fixed-price Diffusion Mechanism Design__arXiv:1905.05450
Author: Tianyi Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05450
 Abstract: We consider a fixed-price mechanism design setting where a seller sells one item via a social network, but the seller can only directly communicate with her neighbours initially. Each other node in the network is a potential buyer with a valuation derived from a common distribution. With a standard fixed-price mechanism, the seller can only sell the item among her neighbours. To improve her revenue, she needs more buyers to join in the sale. To achieve this, we propose the very first fixed-price mechanism to incentivize the seller's neighbours to inform their neighbours about the sale and to eventually inform all buyers in the network to improve seller's revenue. Compared with the existing mechanisms for the same purpose, our mechanism does not require the buyers to reveal their valuations and it is computationally easy. More importantly, it guarantees that the improved revenue is at least 1/2 of the optimal. 

027__ Expression Conditional GAN for Facial Expression-to-Expression  Translation__arXiv:1905.05416
Author: Hao Tang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05416
 Abstract: In this paper, we focus on the facial expression translation task and propose a novel Expression Conditional GAN (ECGAN) which can learn the mapping from one image domain to another one based on an additional expression attribute. The proposed ECGAN is a generic framework and is applicable to different expression generation tasks where specific facial expression can be easily controlled by the conditional attribute label. Besides, we introduce a novel face mask loss to reduce the influence of background changing. Moreover, we propose an entire framework for facial expression generation and recognition in the wild, which consists of two modules, i.e., generation and recognition. Finally, we evaluate our framework on several public face datasets in which the subjects have different races, illumination, occlusion, pose, color, content and background conditions. Even though these datasets are very diverse, both the qualitative and quantitative results demonstrate that our approach is able to generate facial expressions accurately and robustly. 

028__ Learning to Factorize with Transformation for Cooperative  Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.05408
Author: Kyunghwan Son
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05408
 Abstract: We explore value-based solutions for multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) tasks in the centralized training with decentralized execution (CTDE) regime popularized recently. However, VDN and QMIX are representative examples that use the idea of factorization of the joint action-value function into individual ones for decentralized execution. VDN and QMIX address only a fraction of factorizable MARL tasks due to their structural constraint in factorization such as additivity and monotonicity. In this paper, we propose a new factorization method for MARL, QTRAN, which is free from such structural constraints and takes on a new approach to transforming the original joint action-value function into an easily factorizable one, with the same optimal actions. QTRAN guarantees more general factorization than VDN or QMIX, thus covering a much wider class of MARL tasks than does previous methods. Our experiments for the tasks of multi-domain Gaussian-squeeze and modified predator-prey demonstrate QTRAN's superior performance with especially larger margins in games whose payoffs penalize non-cooperative behavior more aggressively. 

029__ Revisiting Graph Width Measures for CNF-Encodings__arXiv:1905.05290
Author: Stefan Mengel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05290
 Abstract: We consider bounded width CNF-formulas where the width is measured by popular graph width measures on graphs associated to CNF-formulas. Such restricted graph classes, in particular those of bounded treewidth, have been extensively studied for their uses in the design of algorithms for various computational problems on CNF-formulas. Here we consider the expressivity of these formulas in the model of clausal encodings with auxiliary variables. We first show that bounding the width for many of the measures from the literature leads to a dramatic loss of expressivity, restricting the formulas to such of low communication complexity. We then show that the width of optimal encodings with respect to different measures is strongly linked: there are two classes of width measures, one containing primal treewidth and the other incidence cliquewidth, such that in each class the width of optimal encodings only differs by constant factors. Moreover, between the two classes the width differs at most by a factor logarithmic in the number of variables. Both these results are in stark contrast to the setting without auxiliary variables where all width measures we consider here differ by more than constant factors and in many cases even by linear factors. 

030__ Deep Local Trajectory Replanning and Control for Robot Navigation__arXiv:1905.05279
Author: Ashwini Pokle
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05279
 Abstract: We present a navigation system that combines ideas from hierarchical planning and machine learning. The system uses a traditional global planner to compute optimal paths towards a goal, and a deep local trajectory planner and velocity controller to compute motion commands. The latter components of the system adjust the behavior of the robot through attention mechanisms such that it moves towards the goal, avoids obstacles, and respects the space of nearby pedestrians. Both the structure of the proposed deep models and the use of attention mechanisms make the system's execution interpretable. Our simulation experiments suggest that the proposed architecture outperforms baselines that try to map global plan information and sensor data directly to velocity commands. In comparison to a hand-designed traditional navigation system, the proposed approach showed more consistent performance. 

031__ Learning and Exploiting Multiple Subgoals for Fast Exploration in  Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.05180
Author: Libo Xing
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05180
 Abstract: Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning (HRL) exploits temporally extended actions, or options, to make decisions from a higher-dimensional perspective to alleviate the sparse reward problem, one of the most challenging problems in reinforcement learning. The majority of existing HRL algorithms require either significant manual design with respect to the specific environment or enormous exploration to automatically learn options from data. To achieve fast exploration without using manual design, we devise a multi-goal HRL algorithm, consisting of a high-level policy Manager and a low-level policy Worker. The Manager provides the Worker multiple subgoals at each time step. Each subgoal corresponds to an option to control the environment. Although the agent may show some confusion at the beginning of training since it is guided by three diverse subgoals, the agent's behavior policy will quickly learn how to respond to multiple subgoals from the high-level controller on different occasions. By exploiting multiple subgoals, the exploration efficiency is significantly improved. We conduct experiments in Atari's Montezuma's Revenge environment, a well-known sparse reward environment, and in doing so achieve the same performance as state-of-the-art HRL methods with substantially reduced training time cost. 

032__ On-the-Fly Configuration  using Reinforcement Learning with Rich Contextual Representations__arXiv:1905.05179
Author: Aditya Modi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05179
 Abstract: Assemblies of modular subsystems are being pressed into service to perform sensing, reasoning, and decision making in high-stakes, time-critical tasks in such areas as transportation, healthcare, and industrial automation. We address the opportunity to maximize the utility of an overall computing system by employing reinforcement learning to guide the configuration of the set of interacting modules that comprise the system. The challenge of doing system-wide optimization is a combinatorial problem. Local attempts to boost the performance of a specific module by modifying its configuration often leads to losses in overall utility of the system's performance as the distribution of inputs to downstream modules changes drastically. We present metareasoning techniques which consider a rich representation of the input, monitor the state of the entire pipeline, and adjust the configuration of modules on-the-fly so as to maximize the utility of a system's operation. We show significant improvement in both real-world and synthetic pipelines across a variety of reinforcement learning techniques. 