------------------------------
Thu, Jun 13  2019
------------------------------
19 new papers today.

001__ Bridging Planning and Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1906.05253
Author: Benjamin Eysenbach
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05253
 Abstract: The history of learning for control has been an exciting back and forth between two broad classes of algorithms: planning and reinforcement learning. Planning algorithms effectively reason over long horizons, but assume access to a local policy and distance metric over collision-free paths. Reinforcement learning excels at learning policies and the relative values of states, but fails to plan over long horizons. Despite the successes of each method in various domains, tasks that require reasoning over long horizons with limited feedback and high-dimensional observations remain exceedingly challenging for both planning and reinforcement learning algorithms. Frustratingly, these sorts of tasks are potentially the most useful, as they are simple to design (a human only need to provide an example goal state) and avoid reward shaping, which can bias the agent towards finding a sub-optimal solution. We introduce a general control algorithm that combines the strengths of planning and reinforcement learning to effectively solve these tasks. Our aim is to decompose the task of reaching a distant goal state into a sequence of easier tasks, each of which corresponds to reaching a subgoal. Planning algorithms can automatically find these waypoints, but only if provided with suitable abstractions of the environment -- namely, a graph consisting of nodes and edges. Our main insight is that this graph can be constructed via reinforcement learning, where a goal-conditioned value function provides edge weights, and nodes are taken to be previously seen observations in a replay buffer. Using graph search over our replay buffer, we can automatically generate this sequence of subgoals, even in image-based environments. Our algorithm, search on the replay buffer (SoRB), enables agents to solve sparse reward tasks over one hundred steps, and generalizes substantially better than standard RL algorithms. 

002__ Empowering Quality Diversity in Dungeon Design with Interactive  Constrained MAP-Elites__arXiv:1906.05175
Author: Alberto Alvarez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05175
 Abstract: We propose the use of quality-diversity algorithms for mixed-initiative game content generation. This idea is implemented as a new feature of the Evolutionary Dungeon Designer, a system for mixed-initiative design of the type of levels you typically find in computer role playing games. The feature uses the MAP-Elites algorithm, an illumination algorithm which divides the population into a number of cells depending on their values along several behavioral dimensions. Users can flexibly and dynamically choose relevant dimensions of variation, and incorporate suggestions produced by the algorithm in their map designs. At the same time, any modifications performed by the human feed back into MAP-Elites, and are used to generate further suggestions. 

003__ General Video Game Rule Generation__arXiv:1906.05160
Author: Ahmed Khalifa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05160
 Abstract: We introduce the General Video Game Rule Generation problem, and the eponymous software framework which will be used in a new track of the General Video Game AI (GVGAI) competition. The problem is, given a game level as input, to generate the rules of a game that fits that level. This can be seen as the inverse of the General Video Game Level Generation problem. Conceptualizing these two problems as separate helps breaking the very hard problem of generating complete games into smaller, more manageable subproblems. The proposed framework builds on the GVGAI software and thus asks the rule generator for rules defined in the Video Game Description Language. We describe the API, and three different rule generators: a random, a constructive and a search-based generator. Early results indicate that the constructive generator generates playable and somewhat interesting game rules but has a limited expressive range, whereas the search-based generator generates remarkably diverse rulesets, but with an uneven quality. 

004__ Online Learning and Planning in Partially Observable Domains without  Prior Knowledge__arXiv:1906.05130
Author: Yunlong Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05130
 Abstract: How an agent can act optimally in stochastic, partially observable domains is a challenge problem, the standard approach to address this issue is to learn the domain model firstly and then based on the learned model to find the (near) optimal policy. However, offline learning the model often needs to store the entire training data and cannot utilize the data generated in the planning phase. Furthermore, current research usually assumes the learned model is accurate or presupposes knowledge of the nature of the unobservable part of the world. In this paper, for systems with discrete settings, with the benefits of Predictive State Representations~(PSRs), a model-based planning approach is proposed where the learning and planning phases can both be executed online and no prior knowledge of the underlying system is required. Experimental results show compared to the state-of-the-art approaches, our algorithm achieved a high level of performance with no prior knowledge provided, along with theoretical advantages of PSRs. Source code is available at this https URL 

005__ Polynomial-time Updates of Epistemic States in a Fragment of  Probabilistic Epistemic Argumentation (Technical Report)__arXiv:1906.05066
Author: Nico Potyka
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05066
 Abstract: Probabilistic epistemic argumentation allows for reasoning about argumentation problems in a way that is well founded by probability theory. Epistemic states are represented by probability functions over possible worlds and can be adjusted to new beliefs using update operators. While the use of probability functions puts this approach on a solid foundational basis, it also causes computational challenges as the amount of data to process depends exponentially on the number of arguments. This leads to bottlenecks in applications such as modelling opponent's beliefs for persuasion dialogues. We show how update operators over probability functions can be related to update operators over much more compact representations that allow polynomial-time updates. We discuss the cognitive and probabilistic-logical plausibility of this approach and demonstrate its applicability in computational persuasion. 

006__ Efficient Exploration via State Marginal Matching__arXiv:1906.05274
Author: Lisa Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05274
 Abstract: To solve tasks with sparse rewards, reinforcement learning algorithms must be equipped with suitable exploration techniques. However, it is unclear what underlying objective is being optimized by existing exploration algorithms, or how they can be altered to incorporate prior knowledge about the task. Most importantly, it is difficult to use exploration experience from one task to acquire exploration strategies for another task. We address these shortcomings by learning a single exploration policy that can quickly solve a suite of downstream tasks in a multi-task setting, amortizing the cost of learning to explore. We recast exploration as a problem of State Marginal Matching (SMM): we learn a mixture of policies for which the state marginal distribution matches a given target state distribution, which can incorporate prior knowledge about the task. Without any prior knowledge, the SMM objective reduces to maximizing the marginal state entropy. We optimize the objective by reducing it to a two-player, zero-sum game, where we iteratively fit a state density model and then update the policy to visit states with low density under this model. While many previous algorithms for exploration employ a similar procedure, they omit a crucial historical averaging step, without which the iterative procedure does not converge to a Nash equilibria. To parallelize exploration, we extend our algorithm to use mixtures of policies, wherein we discover connections between SMM and previously-proposed skill learning methods based on mutual information. On complex navigation and manipulation tasks, we demonstrate that our algorithm explores faster and adapts more quickly to new tasks. 

007__ When to use parametric models in reinforcement learning?__arXiv:1906.05243
Author: Hado van Hasselt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05243
 Abstract: We examine the question of when and how parametric models are most useful in reinforcement learning. In particular, we look at commonalities and differences between parametric models and experience replay. Replay-based learning algorithms share important traits with model-based approaches, including the ability to plan: to use more computation without additional data to improve predictions and behaviour. We discuss when to expect benefits from either approach, and interpret prior work in this context. We hypothesise that, under suitable conditions, replay-based algorithms should be competitive to or better than model-based algorithms if the model is used only to generate fictional transitions from observed states for an update rule that is otherwise model-free. We validated this hypothesis on Atari 2600 video games. The replay-based algorithm attained state-of-the-art data efficiency, improving over prior results with parametric models. 

008__ An Interpretable Model for Multi-Hop  Reading Comprehension__arXiv:1906.05210
Author: Yichen Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05210
 Abstract: Multi-hop reading comprehension requires the model to explore and connect relevant information from multiple sentences/documents in order to answer the question about the context. To achieve this, we propose an interpretable 3-module system called Explore-Propose-Assemble reader (EPAr). First, the Document Explorer iteratively selects relevant documents and represents divergent reasoning chains in a tree structure so as to allow assimilating information from all chains. The Answer Proposer then proposes an answer from every root-to-leaf path in the reasoning tree. Finally, the Evidence Assembler extracts a key sentence containing the proposed answer from every path and combines them to predict the final answer. Intuitively, EPAr approximates the coarse-to-fine-grained comprehension behavior of human readers when facing multiple long documents. We jointly optimize our 3 modules by minimizing the sum of losses from each stage conditioned on the previous stage's output. On two multi-hop reading comprehension datasets WikiHop and MedHop, our EPAr model achieves significant improvements over the baseline and competitive results compared to the state-of-the-art model. We also present multiple reasoning-chain-recovery tests and ablation studies to demonstrate our system's ability to perform interpretable and accurate reasoning. 

009__ Fast Task Inference with Variational Intrinsic Successor Features__arXiv:1906.05030
Author: Steven Hansen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05030
 Abstract: It has been established that diverse behaviors spanning the controllable subspace of an Markov decision process can be trained by rewarding a policy for being distinguishable from other policies \citep{gregor2016variational, eysenbach2018diversity, warde2018unsupervised}. However, one limitation of this formulation is generalizing behaviors beyond the finite set being explicitly learned, as is needed for use on subsequent tasks. Successor features \citep{dayan93improving, barreto2017successor} provide an appealing solution to this generalization problem, but require defining the reward function as linear in some grounded feature space. In this paper, we show that these two techniques can be combined, and that each method solves the other's primary limitation. To do so we introduce Variational Intrinsic Successor FeatuRes (VISR), a novel algorithm which learns controllable features that can be leveraged to provide enhanced generalization and fast task inference through the successor feature framework. We empirically validate VISR on the full Atari suite, in a novel setup wherein the rewards are only exposed briefly after a long unsupervised phase. Achieving human-level performance on 14 games and beating all baselines, we believe VISR represents a step towards agents that rapidly learn from limited feedback. 

010__ Deep Reinforcement Learning for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle-Assisted  Vehicular Networks__arXiv:1906.05015
Author: Ming Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05015
 Abstract: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are envisioned to complement the 5G communication infrastructure in future smart cities. Hot spots easily appear in road intersections, where effective communication among vehicles is challenging. UAVs may serve as relays with the advantages of low price, easy deployment, line-of-sight links, and flexible mobility. In this paper, we study a UAV-assisted vehicular network where the UAV jointly adjusts its transmission power and bandwidth allocation under 3D flight to maximize the total throughput. First, we formulate a Markov Decision Process (MDP) problem by modeling the mobility of vehicles and the state transitions caused by the UAV's 3D flight. Secondly, we solve the target problem using a deep reinforcement learning method, namely, the deep deterministic policy gradient, and propose three solutions with different control objectives. Thirdly, in a simplified model with small state and action spaces, we verify the optimality of proposed algorithms. Comparing with two baseline schemes, we demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed algorithms in a realistic model. 

011__ Neural Variational Inference For Estimating Uncertainty in Knowledge  Graph Embeddings__arXiv:1906.04985
Author: Alexander I. Cowen-Rivers
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04985
 Abstract: Recent advances in Neural Variational Inference allowed for a renaissance in latent variable models in a variety of domains involving high-dimensional data. While traditional variational methods derive an analytical approximation for the intractable distribution over the latent variables, here we construct an inference network conditioned on the symbolic representation of entities and relation types in the Knowledge Graph, to provide the variational distributions. The new framework results in a highly-scalable method. Under a Bernoulli sampling framework, we provide an alternative justification for commonly used techniques in large-scale stochastic variational inference, which drastically reduce training time at a cost of an additional approximation to the variational lower bound. We introduce two models from this highly scalable probabilistic framework, namely the Latent Information and Latent Fact models, for reasoning over knowledge graph-based representations. Our Latent Information and Latent Fact models improve upon baseline performance under certain conditions. We use the learnt embedding variance to estimate predictive uncertainty during link prediction, and discuss the quality of these learnt uncertainty estimates. Our source code and datasets are publicly available online at this https URL 

012__ Unsupervised Question Answering by Cloze Translation__arXiv:1906.04980
Author: Patrick Lewis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04980
 Abstract: Obtaining training data for Question Answering (QA) is time-consuming and resource-intensive, and existing QA datasets are only available for limited domains and languages. In this work, we explore to what extent high quality training data is actually required for Extractive QA, and investigate the possibility of unsupervised Extractive QA. We approach this problem by first learning to generate context, question and answer triples in an unsupervised manner, which we then use to synthesize Extractive QA training data automatically. To generate such triples, we first sample random context paragraphs from a large corpus of documents and then random noun phrases or named entity mentions from these paragraphs as answers. Next we convert answers in context to "fill-in-the-blank" cloze questions and finally translate them into natural questions. We propose and compare various unsupervised ways to perform cloze-to-natural question translation, including training an unsupervised NMT model using non-aligned corpora of natural questions and cloze questions as well as a rule-based approach. We find that modern QA models can learn to answer human questions surprisingly well using only synthetic training data. We demonstrate that, without using the SQuAD training data at all, our approach achieves 56.4 F1 on SQuAD v1 (64.5 F1 when the answer is a Named entity mention), outperforming early supervised models. 

013__ Joint Reasoning for Temporal and Causal Relations__arXiv:1906.04941
Author: Qiang Ning
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04941
 Abstract: Understanding temporal and causal relations between events is a fundamental natural language understanding task. Because a cause must be before its effect in time, temporal and causal relations are closely related and one relation even dictates the other one in many cases. However, limited attention has been paid to studying these two relations jointly. This paper presents a joint inference framework for them using constrained conditional models (CCMs). Specifically, we formulate the joint problem as an integer linear programming (ILP) problem, enforcing constraints inherently in the nature of time and causality. We show that the joint inference framework results in statistically significant improvement in the extraction of both temporal and causal relations from text. 

014__ Toward Best Practices for Explainable B2B Machine Learning__arXiv:1906.04837
Author: Kit Kuksenok
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04837
 Abstract: To design tools and data pipelines for explainable B2B machine learning (ML) systems, we need to recognize not only the immediate audience of such tools and data, but also (1) their organizational context and (2) secondary audiences. Our learnings are based on building custom ML-based chatbots for recruitment. We believe that in the B2B context, "explainable" ML means not only a system that can "explain itself" through tools and data pipelines, but also enables its domain-expert users to explain it to other stakeholders. 

015__ Customizing Pareto Simulated Annealing for Multi-objective Optimization  of Control Cabinet Layout__arXiv:1906.04825
Author: Sabri Pllana
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04825
 Abstract: Determining the optimal location of control cabinet components requires the exploration of a large configuration space. For real-world control cabinets it is impractical to evaluate all possible cabinet configurations. Therefore, we need to apply methods for intelligent exploration of cabinet configuration space that enable to find a near-optimal configuration without evaluation of all possible configurations. In this paper, we describe an approach for multi-objective optimization of control cabinet layout that is based on Pareto Simulated Annealing. Optimization aims at minimizing the total wire length used for interconnection of components and the heat convection within the cabinet. We simulate heat convection to study the warm air flow within the control cabinet and determine the optimal position of components that generate heat during the operation. We evaluate and demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach empirically for various control cabinet sizes and usage scenarios. 

016__ a discussion__arXiv:1906.04774
Author: Thibault Laugel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04774
 Abstract: Counterfactual post-hoc interpretability approaches have been proven to be useful tools to generate explanations for the predictions of a trained blackbox classifier. However, the assumptions they make about the data and the classifier make them unreliable in many contexts. In this paper, we discuss three desirable properties and approaches to quantify them: proximity, connectedness and stability. In addition, we illustrate that there is a risk for post-hoc counterfactual approaches to not satisfy these properties. 

017__ Trip Table Estimation and Prediction for Dynamic Traffic Assignment  Applications__arXiv:1906.04739
Author: Sajjad Shafiei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04739
 Abstract: The study focuses on estimating and predicting time-varying origin to destination (OD) trip tables for a dynamic traffic assignment (DTA) model. A bi-level optimisation problem is formulated and solved to estimate OD flows from pre-existent demand matrix and historical traffic flow counts. The estimated demand is then considered as an input for a time series OD demand prediction model to support the DTA model for short-term traffic condition forecasting. Results show a high capability of the proposed OD demand estimation method to reduce the DTA model error through an iterative solution algorithm. Moreover, the applicability of the OD demand prediction approach is investigated for an incident analysis application for a major corridor in Sydney, Australia. 

018__ Dealing with Non-Stationarity in Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.04737
Author: Georgios Papoudakis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04737
 Abstract: Recent developments in deep reinforcement learning are concerned with creating decision-making agents which can perform well in various complex domains. A particular approach which has received increasing attention is multi-agent reinforcement learning, in which multiple agents learn concurrently to coordinate their actions. In such multi-agent environments, additional learning problems arise due to the continually changing decision-making policies of agents. This paper surveys recent works that address the non-stationarity problem in multi-agent deep reinforcement learning. The surveyed methods range from modifications in the training procedure, such as centralized training, to learning representations of the opponent's policy, meta-learning, communication, and decentralized learning. The survey concludes with a list of open problems and possible lines of future research. 

019__ Behavior-Agnostic Estimation of Discounted Stationary  Distribution Corrections__arXiv:1906.04733
Author: Ofir Nachum
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04733
 Abstract: In many real-world reinforcement learning applications, access to the environment is limited to a fixed dataset, instead of direct (online) interaction with the environment. When using this data for either evaluation or training of a new policy, accurate estimates of discounted stationary distribution ratios -- correction terms which quantify the likelihood that the new policy will experience a certain state-action pair normalized by the probability with which the state-action pair appears in the dataset -- can improve accuracy and performance. In this work, we propose an algorithm, DualDICE, for estimating these quantities. In contrast to previous approaches, our algorithm is agnostic to knowledge of the behavior policy (or policies) used to generate the dataset. Furthermore, it eschews any direct use of importance weights, thus avoiding potential optimization instabilities endemic of previous methods. In addition to providing theoretical guarantees, we present an empirical study of our algorithm applied to off-policy policy evaluation and find that our algorithm significantly improves accuracy compared to existing techniques. 