------------------------------
Fri, May 17  2019
------------------------------
24 new papers today.

001__ Semantic-based Process Graph Embedding for Consistency  Checking__arXiv:1905.06883
Author: Chen Qian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06883
 Abstract: Process consistency checking (PCC), an interdiscipline of natural language processing (NLP) and business process management (BPM), aims to quantify the degree of (in)consistencies between graphical and textual descriptions of a process. However, previous studies heavily depend on a great deal of complex expert-defined knowledge such as alignment rules and assessment metrics, thus suffer from the problems of low accuracy and poor adaptability when applied in open-domain scenarios. To address the above issues, this paper makes the first attempt that uses deep learning to perform PCC. Specifically, we proposed TraceWalk, using semantic information of process graphs to learn latent node representations, and integrates it into a convolutional neural network (CNN) based model called TraceNet to predict consistencies. The theoretical proof formally provides the PCC's lower limit and experimental results demonstrate that our approach performs more accurately than state-of-the-art baselines. 

002__ Knowledge-based multi-level aggregation for decision aid in the  machining industry__arXiv:1905.06413
Author: Mathieu Ritou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06413
 Abstract: In the context of Industry 4.0, data management is a key point for decision aid approaches. Large amounts of manufacturing digital data are collected on the shop floor. Their analysis can then require a large amount of computing power. The Big Data issue can be solved by aggregation, generating smart and meaningful data. This paper presents a new knowledge-based multi-level aggregation strategy to support decision making. Manufacturing knowledge is used at each level to design the monitoring criteria or aggregation operators. The proposed approach has been implemented as a demonstrator and successfully applied to a real machining database from the aeronautic industry. Decision Making; Machining; Knowledge based system 

003__ Improved Safe Real-time Heuristic Search__arXiv:1905.06402
Author: Bence Cserna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06402
 Abstract: A fundamental concern in real-time planning is the presence of dead-ends in the state space, from which no goal is reachable. Recently, the SafeRTS algorithm was proposed for searching in such spaces. SafeRTS exploits a user-provided predicate to identify safe states, from which a goal is likely reachable, and attempts to maintain a backup plan for reaching a safe state at all times. In this paper, we study the SafeRTS approach, identify certain properties of its behavior, and design an improved framework for safe real-time search. We prove that the new approach performs at least as well as SafeRTS and present experimental results showing that its promise is fulfilled in practice. 

004__ Derived Codebooks for High-Accuracy Nearest Neighbor Search__arXiv:1905.06900
Author: Fabien Andr¨¦
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06900
 Abstract: High-dimensional Nearest Neighbor (NN) search is central in multimedia search systems. Product Quantization (PQ) is a widespread NN search technique which has a high performance and good scalability. PQ compresses high-dimensional vectors into compact codes thanks to a combination of quantizers. Large databases can, therefore, be stored entirely in RAM, enabling fast responses to NN queries. In almost all cases, PQ uses 8-bit quantizers as they offer low response times. In this paper, we advocate the use of 16-bit quantizers. Compared to 8-bit quantizers, 16-bit quantizers boost accuracy but they increase response time by a factor of 3 to 10. We propose a novel approach that allows 16-bit quantizers to offer the same response time as 8-bit quantizers, while still providing a boost of accuracy. Our approach builds on two key ideas: (i) the construction of derived codebooks that allow a fast and approximate distance evaluation, and (ii) a two-pass NN search procedure which builds a candidate set using the derived codebooks, and then refines it using 16-bit quantizers. On 1 billion SIFT vectors, with an inverted index, our approach offers a Recall@100 of 0.85 in 5.2 ms. By contrast, 16-bit quantizers alone offer a Recall@100 of 0.85 in 39 ms, and 8-bit quantizers a Recall@100 of 0.82 in 3.8 ms. 

005__ From What to How. An Overview of AI Ethics Tools, Methods and Research  to Translate Principles into Practices__arXiv:1905.06876
Author: Jessica Morley
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06876
 Abstract: The debate about the ethical implications of Artificial Intelligence dates from the 1960s. However, in recent years symbolic AI has been complemented and sometimes replaced by Neural Networks and Machine Learning techniques. This has vastly increased its potential utility and impact on society, with the consequence that the ethical debate has gone mainstream. Such debate has primarily focused on principles - the what of AI ethics - rather than on practices, the how. Awareness of the potential issues is increasing at a fast rate, but the AI community's ability to take action to mitigate the associated risks is still at its infancy. Therefore, our intention in presenting this research is to contribute to closing the gap between principles and practices by constructing a typology that may help practically-minded developers apply ethics at each stage of the pipeline, and to signal to researchers where further work is needed. The focus is exclusively on Machine Learning, but it is hoped that the results of this research may be easily applicable to other branches of AI. The article outlines the research method for creating this typology, the initial findings, and provides a summary of future research needs. 

006__ A Clinical Approach to Training Effective Data Scientists__arXiv:1905.06875
Author: Kit T Rodolfa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06875
 Abstract: Like medicine, psychology, or education, data science is fundamentally an applied discipline, with most students who receive advanced degrees in the field going on to work on practical problems. Unlike these disciplines, however, data science education remains heavily focused on theory and methods, and practical coursework typically revolves around cleaned or simplified data sets that have little analog in professional applications. We believe that the environment in which new data scientists are trained should more accurately reflect that in which they will eventually practice and propose here a data science master's degree program that takes inspiration from the residency model used in medicine. Students in the suggested program would spend three years working on a practical problem with an industry, government, or nonprofit partner, supplemented with coursework in data science methods and theory. We also discuss how this program can also be implemented in shorter formats to augment existing professional masters programs in different disciplines. This approach to learning by doing is designed to fill gaps in our current approach to data science education and ensure that students develop the skills they need to practice data science in a professional context and under the many constraints imposed by that context. 

007__ Behavior Sequence Transformer for E-commerce Recommendation in Alibaba__arXiv:1905.06874
Author: Qiwei Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06874
 Abstract: Deep learning based methods have been widely used in industrial recommendation systems (RSs). Previous works adopt an Embedding&MLP paradigm: raw features are embedded into low-dimensional vectors, which are then fed on to MLP for final recommendations. However, most of these works just concatenate different features, ignoring the sequential nature of users' behaviors. In this paper, we propose to use the powerful Transformer model to capture the sequential signals underlying users' behavior sequences for recommendation in Alibaba. Experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed model, which is then deployed online at Taobao and obtain significant improvements in online Click-Through-Rate (CTR) comparing to two baselines. error here, check on website.

009__ Recursive Bits-Back Coding for Lossless Compression with  Hierarchical Latent Variables__arXiv:1905.06845
Author: Friso H. Kingma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06845
 Abstract: The bits-back argument suggests that latent variable models can be turned into lossless compression schemes. Translating the bits-back argument into efficient and practical lossless compression schemes for general latent variable models, however, is still an open problem. Bits-Back with Asymmetric Numeral Systems (BB-ANS), recently proposed by Townsend et al. (2019), makes bits-back coding practically feasible for latent variable models with one latent layer, but it is inefficient for hierarchical latent variable models. In this paper we propose Bit-Swap, a new compression scheme that generalizes BB-ANS and achieves strictly better compression rates for hierarchical latent variable models with Markov chain structure. Through experiments we verify that Bit-Swap results in lossless compression rates that are empirically superior to existing techniques. Our implementation is available at this https URL 

010__ Stability of Linear Structural Equation Models of Causal Inference__arXiv:1905.06836
Author: Karthik Abinav Sankararaman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06836
 Abstract: We consider the numerical stability of the parameter recovery problem in Linear Structural Equation Model ($\LSEM$) of causal inference. A long line of work starting from Wright (1920) has focused on understanding which sub-classes of $\LSEM$ allow for efficient parameter recovery. Despite decades of study, this question is not yet fully resolved. The goal of this paper is complementary to this line of work; we want to understand the stability of the recovery problem in the cases when efficient recovery is possible. Numerical stability of Pearl's notion of causality was first studied in Schulman and Srivastava (2016) using the concept of condition number where they provide ill-conditioned examples. In this work, we provide a condition number analysis for the $\LSEM$. First we prove that under a sufficient condition, for a certain sub-class of $\LSEM$ that are \emph{bow-free} (Brito and Pearl (2002)), the parameter recovery is stable. We further prove that \emph{randomly} chosen input parameters for this family satisfy the condition with a substantial probability. Hence for this family, on a large subset of parameter space, recovery is numerically stable. Next we construct an example of $\LSEM$ on four vertices with \emph{unbounded} condition number. We then corroborate our theoretical findings via simulations as well as real-world experiments for a sociology application. Finally, we provide a general heuristic for estimating the condition number of any $\LSEM$ instance. 

011__ End-to-end Learning in Simulated Urban  Environments__arXiv:1905.06712
Author: Hege Haavaldsen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06712
 Abstract: In recent years, considerable progress has been made towards a vehicle's ability to operate autonomously. An end-to-end approach attempts to achieve autonomous driving using a single, comprehensive software component. Recent breakthroughs in deep learning have significantly increased end-to-end systems' capabilities, and such systems are now considered a possible alternative to the current state-of-the-art solutions. This paper examines end-to-end learning for autonomous vehicles in simulated urban environments containing other vehicles, traffic lights, and speed limits. Furthermore, the paper explores end-to-end systems' ability to execute navigational commands and examines whether improved performance can be achieved by utilizing temporal dependencies between subsequent visual cues. Two end-to-end architectures are proposed: a traditional Convolutional Neural Network and an extended design combining a Convolutional Neural Network with a recurrent layer. The models are trained using expert driving data from a simulated urban setting, and are evaluated by their driving performance in an unseen simulated environment. The results of this paper indicate that end-to-end systems can operate autonomously in simple urban environments. Moreover, it is found that the exploitation of temporal information in subsequent images enhances a system's ability to judge movement and distance. 

012__ Inferring Javascript types using Graph Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.06707
Author: Jessica Schrouff
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06707
 Abstract: The recent use of `Big Code' with state-of-the-art deep learning methods offers promising avenues to ease program source code writing and correction. As a first step towards automatic code repair, we implemented a graph neural network model that predicts token types for Javascript programs. The predictions achieve an accuracy above $90\%$, which improves on previous similar work. 

013__ Formal derivation of Mesh Neural Networks with their Forward-Only  gradient Propagation__arXiv:1905.06684
Author: Federico A. Galatolo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06684
 Abstract: This paper proposes the Mesh Neural Network (MNN), a novel architecture which allows neurons to be connected in any topology, to efficiently route information. In MNNs, information is propagated between neurons throughout a state transition function. State and error gradients are then directly computed from state updates without backward computation. The MNN architecture and the error propagation schema is formalized and derived in tensor algebra. The proposed computational model can fully supply a gradient descent process, and is suitable for very large scale NNs, due to its expressivity and training efficiency, with respect to NNs based on back-propagation and computational graphs. 

014__ One-Shot Texture Retrieval with Global Context Metric__arXiv:1905.06656
Author: Kai Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06656
 Abstract: In this paper, we tackle one-shot texture retrieval: given an example of a new reference texture, detect and segment all the pixels of the same texture category within an arbitrary image. To address this problem, we present an OS-TR network to encode both reference and query image, leading to achieve texture segmentation towards the reference category. Unlike the existing texture encoding methods that integrate CNN with orderless pooling, we propose a directionality-aware module to capture the texture variations at each direction, resulting in spatially invariant representation. To segment new categories given only few examples, we incorporate a self-gating mechanism into relation network to exploit global context information for adjusting per-channel modulation weights of local relation features. Extensive experiments on benchmark texture datasets and real scenarios demonstrate the above-par segmentation performance and robust generalization across domains of our proposed method. 

015__ Neural Network Augmented with Task-Adaptive Projection for  Few-Shot Learning__arXiv:1905.06549
Author: Sung Whan Yoon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06549
 Abstract: Handling previously unseen tasks after given only a few training examples continues to be a tough challenge in machine learning. We propose TapNets, neural networks augmented with task-adaptive projection for improved few-shot learning. Here, employing a meta-learning strategy with episode-based training, a network and a set of per-class reference vectors are learned across widely varying tasks. At the same time, for every episode, features in the embedding space are linearly projected into a new space as a form of quick task-specific conditioning. The training loss is obtained based on a distance metric between the query and the reference vectors in the projection space. Excellent generalization results in this way. When tested on the Omniglot, miniImageNet and tieredImageNet datasets, we obtain state of the art classification accuracies under various few-shot scenarios. 

016__ Meta Reinforcement Learning with Task Embedding and Shared Policy__arXiv:1905.06527
Author: Lin Lan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06527
 Abstract: Despite significant progress, deep reinforcement learning (RL) suffers from data-inefficiency and limited generalization. Recent efforts apply meta-learning to learn a meta-learner from a set of RL tasks such that a novel but related task could be solved quickly. Though specific in some ways, different tasks in meta-RL are generally similar at a high level. However, most meta-RL methods do not explicitly and adequately model the specific and shared information among different tasks, which limits their ability to learn training tasks and to generalize to novel tasks. In this paper, we propose to capture the shared information on the one hand and meta-learn how to quickly abstract the specific information about a task on the other hand. Methodologically, we train an SGD meta-learner to quickly optimize a task encoder for each task, which generates a task embedding based on past experience. Meanwhile, we learn a policy which is shared across all tasks and conditioned on task embeddings. Empirical results on four simulated tasks demonstrate that our method has better learning capacity on both training and novel tasks and attains up to 3 to 4 times higher returns compared to baselines. 

017__ Joint Shape and Pose Estimation from Color-Depth Image  Pair__arXiv:1905.06499
Author: Chi Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06499
 Abstract: Mutual calibration between color and depth cameras is a challenging topic in multi-modal data registration. In this paper, we are confronted with a "Bimodal Stereo" problem, which aims to solve camera pose from a pair of an uncalibrated color image and a depth map from different views automatically. To address this problem, an iterative Shape-from-Shading (SfS) based framework is proposed to estimate shape and pose simultaneously. In the pipeline, the estimated shape is refined by the shape prior from the given depth map under the estimated pose. Meanwhile, the estimated pose is improved by the registration of estimated shape and shape from given depth map. We also introduce a shading based refinement in the pipeline to address noisy depth map with holes. Extensive experiments showed that through our method, both the depth map, the recovered shape as well as its pose can be desirably refined and recovered. 

018__ a  comparison between good GAN and bad GAN approach__arXiv:1905.06484
Author: Wenyuan Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06484
 Abstract: Recently, semi-supervised learning methods based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) have received much attention. Among them, two distinct approaches have achieved competitive results on a variety of benchmark datasets. Bad GAN learns a classifier with unrealistic samples distributed on the complement of the support of the input data. Conversely, Triple GAN consists of a three-player game that tries to leverage good generated samples to boost classification results. In this paper, we perform a comprehensive comparison of these two approaches on different benchmark datasets. We demonstrate their different properties on image generation, and sensitivity to the amount of labeled data provided. By comprehensively comparing these two methods, we hope to shed light on the future of GAN-based semi-supervised learning. 

019__ Synthesis of Provably Correct Autonomy Protocols for Shared Control__arXiv:1905.06471
Author: Murat Cubuktepe
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06471
 Abstract: We synthesize shared control protocols subject to probabilistic temporal logic specifications. More specifically, we develop a framework in which a human and an autonomy protocol can issue commands to carry out a certain task. We blend these commands into a joint input to a robot. We model the interaction between the human and the robot as a Markov decision process (MDP) that represents the shared control scenario. Using inverse reinforcement learning, we obtain an abstraction of the human's behavior and decisions. We use randomized strategies to account for randomness in human's decisions, caused by factors such as complexity of the task specifications or imperfect interfaces. We design the autonomy protocol to ensure that the resulting robot behavior satisfies given safety and performance specifications in probabilistic temporal logic. Additionally, the resulting strategies generate behavior as similar to the behavior induced by the human's commands as possible. We solve the underlying problem efficiently using quasiconvex programming. Case studies involving autonomous wheelchair navigation and unmanned aerial vehicle mission planning showcase the applicability of our approach. 

020__ Pricing, Valuation and Governance__arXiv:1905.06462
Author: Ramesh Raskar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06462
 Abstract: We discuss a data market technique based on intrinsic (relevance and uniqueness) as well as extrinsic value (influenced by supply and demand) of data. For intrinsic value, we explain how to perform valuation of data in absolute terms (i.e just by itself), or relatively (i.e in comparison to multiple datasets) or in conditional terms (i.e valuating new data given currently existing data). 

021__ Meta reinforcement learning as task inference__arXiv:1905.06424
Author: Jan Humplik
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06424
 Abstract: Humans achieve efficient learning by relying on prior knowledge about the structure of naturally occurring tasks. There has been considerable interest in designing reinforcement learning algorithms with similar properties. This includes several proposals to learn the learning algorithm itself, an idea also referred to as meta learning. One formal interpretation of this idea is in terms of a partially observable multi-task reinforcement learning problem in which information about the task is hidden from the agent. Although agents that solve partially observable environments can be trained from rewards alone, shaping an agent's memory with additional supervision has been shown to boost learning efficiency. It is thus natural to ask what kind of supervision, if any, facilitates meta-learning. Here we explore several choices and develop an architecture that separates learning of the belief about the unknown task from learning of the policy, and that can be used effectively with privileged information about the task during training. We show that this approach can be very effective at solving standard meta-RL environments, as well as a complex continuous control environment in which a simulated robot has to execute various movement sequences. 

022__ A Benchmark Data Set for Learning with Graph-Structured Data__arXiv:1905.06393
Author: Patrick Ferber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06393
 Abstract: Benchmark data sets are an indispensable ingredient of the evaluation of graph-based machine learning methods. We release a new data set, compiled from International Planning Competitions (IPC), for benchmarking graph classification, regression, and related tasks. Apart from the graph construction (based on AI planning problems) that is interesting in its own right, the data set possesses distinctly different characteristics from popularly used benchmarks. The data set, named IPC, consists of two self-contained versions, grounded and lifted, both including graphs of large and skewedly distributed sizes, posing substantial challenges for the computation of graph models such as graph kernels and graph neural networks. The graphs in this data set are directed and the lifted version is acyclic, offering the opportunity of benchmarking specialized models for directed (acyclic) structures. Moreover, the graph generator and the labeling are computer programmed; thus, the data set may be extended easily if a larger scale is desired. The data set is accessible from \url{this https URL}. 

023__ ELIMINATION from Design to Analysis__arXiv:1905.06379
Author: Ahmed Khalifa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06379
 Abstract: Elimination is a word puzzle game for browsers and mobile devices, where all levels are generated by a constrained evolutionary algorithm with no human intervention. This paper describes the design of the game and its level generation methods, and analysis of playtraces from almost a thousand users who played the game since its release. The analysis corroborates that the level generator creates a sawtooth-shaped difficulty curve, as intended. The analysis also offers insights into player behavior in this game. 

024__ Contextualized Spatial-Temporal Network for Taxi Origin-Destination  Demand Prediction__arXiv:1905.06335
Author: Lingbo Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06335
 Abstract: Taxi demand prediction has recently attracted increasing research interest due to its huge potential application in large-scale intelligent transportation systems. However, most of the previous methods only considered the taxi demand prediction in origin regions, but neglected the modeling of the specific situation of the destination passengers. We believe it is suboptimal to preallocate the taxi into each region based solely on the taxi origin demand. In this paper, we present a challenging and worth-exploring task, called taxi origin-destination demand prediction, which aims at predicting the taxi demand between all region pairs in a future time interval. Its main challenges come from how to effectively capture the diverse contextual information to learn the demand patterns. We address this problem with a novel Contextualized Spatial-Temporal Network (CSTN), which consists of three components for the modeling of local spatial context (LSC), temporal evolution context (TEC) and global correlation context (GCC) respectively. Firstly, an LSC module utilizes two convolution neural networks to learn the local spatial dependencies of taxi demand respectively from the origin view and the destination view. Secondly, a TEC module incorporates both the local spatial features of taxi demand and the meteorological information to a Convolutional Long Short-term Memory Network (ConvLSTM) for the analysis of taxi demand evolution. Finally, a GCC module is applied to model the correlation between all regions by computing a global correlation feature as a weighted sum of all regional features, with the weights being calculated as the similarity between the corresponding region pairs. Extensive experiments and evaluations on a large-scale dataset well demonstrate the superiority of our CSTN over other compared methods for taxi origin-destination demand prediction. 