------------------------------
Thu, May 16  2019
------------------------------
31 new papers today.

001__ Demystification of DNN Decisions for Time-Series using Natural  Language and Statistical Features__arXiv:1905.06175
Author: Mohsin Munir
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06175
 Abstract: Neural networks (NN) are considered as black-boxes due to the lack of explainability and transparency of their decisions. This significantly hampers their deployment in environments where explainability is essential along with the accuracy of the system. Recently, significant efforts have been made for the interpretability of these deep networks with the aim to open up the black-box. However, most of these approaches are specifically developed for visual modalities. In addition, the interpretations provided by these systems require expert knowledge and understanding for intelligibility. This indicates a vital gap between the explainability provided by the systems and the novice user. To bridge this gap, we present a novel framework i.e. Time-Series eXplanation (TSXplain) system which produces a natural language based explanation of the decision taken by a NN. It uses the extracted statistical features to describe the decision of a NN, merging the deep learning world with that of statistics. The two-level explanation provides ample description of the decision made by the network to aid an expert as well as a novice user alike. Our survey and reliability assessment test confirm that the generated explanations are meaningful and correct. We believe that generating natural language based descriptions of the network's decisions is a big step towards opening up the black-box. 

002__ An Effective Methodology for Principled  Integration of Machine Learning and Reasoning__arXiv:1905.06088
Author: Artur d'Avila Garcez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06088
 Abstract: Current advances in Artificial Intelligence and machine learning in general, and deep learning in particular have reached unprecedented impact not only across research communities, but also over popular media channels. However, concerns about interpretability and accountability of AI have been raised by influential thinkers. In spite of the recent impact of AI, several works have identified the need for principled knowledge representation and reasoning mechanisms integrated with deep learning-based systems to provide sound and explainable models for such systems. Neural-symbolic computing aims at integrating, as foreseen by Valiant, two most fundamental cognitive abilities: the ability to learn from the environment, and the ability to reason from what has been learned. Neural-symbolic computing has been an active topic of research for many years, reconciling the advantages of robust learning in neural networks and reasoning and interpretability of symbolic representation. In this paper, we survey recent accomplishments of neural-symbolic computing as a principled methodology for integrated machine learning and reasoning. We illustrate the effectiveness of the approach by outlining the main characteristics of the methodology: principled integration of neural learning with symbolic knowledge representation and reasoning allowing for the construction of explainable AI systems. The insights provided by neural-symbolic computing shed new light on the increasingly prominent need for interpretable and accountable AI systems. 

003__ Chronicle Challenge__arXiv:1905.05888
Author: Christoph Salge
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05888
 Abstract: We introduce the Chronicle Challenge as an optional addition to the Settlement Generation Challenge in Minecraft. One of the foci of the overall competition is adaptive procedural content generation (PCG), an arguably under-explored problem in computational creativity. In the base challenge, participants must generate new settlements that respond to and ideally interact with existing content in the world, such as the landscape or climate. The goal is to understand the underlying creative process, and to design better PCG systems. The Chronicle Challenge in particular focuses on the generation of a narrative based on the history of a generated settlement, expressed in natural language. We discuss the unique features of the Chronicle Challenge in comparison to other competitions, clarify the characteristics of a chronicle eligible for submission and describe the evaluation criteria. We furthermore draw on simulation-based approaches in computational storytelling as examples to how this challenge could be approached. 

004__ Bilinear Attention Net for Diabetic Retinopathy Grading__arXiv:1905.06312
Author: Ziyuan Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06312
 Abstract: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a common retinal disease that leads to blindness. For diagnosis purposes, DR image grading aims to provide automatic DR grade classification, which is not addressed in conventional research methods of binary DR image classification. Small objects in the eye images, like lesions and microaneurysms, are essential to DR grading in medical imaging, but they could easily be influenced by other objects. To address these challenges, we propose a new deep learning architecture, called BiRA-Net, which combines the attention model for feature extraction and bilinear model for fine-grained classification. Furthermore, in considering the distance between different grades of different DR categories, we propose a new loss function, called grading loss, which leads to improved training convergence of the proposed approach. Experimental results are provided to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed approach. 

005__ A Human-Centered Approach to Interactive Machine Learning__arXiv:1905.06289
Author: Kory W. Mathewson
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06289
 Abstract: The interactive machine learning (IML) community aims to augment humans' ability to learn and make decisions over time through the development of automated decision-making systems. This interaction represents a collaboration between multiple intelligent systems---humans and machines. A lack of appropriate consideration for the humans involved can lead to problematic system behaviour, and issues of fairness, accountability, and transparency. This work presents a human-centred thinking approach to applying IML methods. This guide is intended to be used by AI practitioners who incorporate human factors in their work. These practitioners are responsible for the health, safety, and well-being of interacting humans. An obligation of responsibility for public interaction means acting with integrity, honesty, fairness, and abiding by applicable legal statutes. With these values and principles in mind, we as a research community can better achieve the collective goal of augmenting human ability. This practical guide aims to support many of the responsible decisions necessary throughout iterative design, development, and dissemination of IML systems. 

006__ End-to-End Multi-Channel Speech Separation__arXiv:1905.06286
Author: Rongzhi Gu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06286
 Abstract: The end-to-end approach for single-channel speech separation has been studied recently and shown promising results. This paper extended the previous approach and proposed a new end-to-end model for multi-channel speech separation. The primary contributions of this work include 1) an integrated waveform-in waveform-out separation system in a single neural network architecture. 2) We reformulate the traditional short time Fourier transform (STFT) and inter-channel phase difference (IPD) as a function of time-domain convolution with a special kernel. 3) We further relaxed those fixed kernels to be learnable, so that the entire architecture becomes purely data-driven and can be trained from end-to-end. We demonstrate on the WSJ0 far-field speech separation task that, with the benefit of learnable spatial features, our proposed end-to-end multi-channel model significantly improved the performance of previous end-to-end single-channel method and traditional multi-channel methods. 

007__ Multiple perspectives HMM-based feature engineering for credit card  fraud detection__arXiv:1905.06247
Author: Yvan Lucas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06247
 Abstract: Machine learning and data mining techniques have been used extensively in order to detect credit card frauds. However, most studies consider credit card transactions as isolated events and not as a sequence of transactions. In this article, we model a sequence of credit card transactions from three different perspectives, namely (i) does the sequence contain a Fraud? (ii) Is the sequence obtained by fixing the card-holder or the payment terminal? (iii) Is it a sequence of spent amount or of elapsed time between the current and previous transactions? Combinations of the three binary perspectives give eight sets of sequences from the (training) set of transactions. Each one of these sets is modelled with a Hidden Markov Model (HMM). Each HMM associates a likelihood to a transaction given its sequence of previous transactions. These likelihoods are used as additional features in a Random Forest classifier for fraud detection. This multiple perspectives HMM-based approach enables an automatic feature engineering in order to model the sequential properties of the dataset with respect to the classification task. This strategy allows for a 15% increase in the precision-recall AUC compared to the state of the art feature engineering strategy for credit card fraud detection. 

008__ Spectral Clustering of Signed Graphs via Matrix Power Means__arXiv:1905.06230
Author: Pedro Mercado
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06230
 Abstract: Signed graphs encode positive (attractive) and negative (repulsive) relations between nodes. We extend spectral clustering to signed graphs via the one-parameter family of Signed Power Mean Laplacians, defined as the matrix power mean of normalized standard and signless Laplacians of positive and negative edges. We provide a thorough analysis of the proposed approach in the setting of a general Stochastic Block Model that includes models such as the Labeled Stochastic Block Model and the Censored Block Model. We show that in expectation the signed power mean Laplacian captures the ground truth clusters under reasonable settings where state-of-the-art approaches fail. Moreover, we prove that the eigenvalues and eigenvector of the signed power mean Laplacian concentrate around their expectation under reasonable conditions in the general Stochastic Block Model. Extensive experiments on random graphs and real world datasets confirm the theoretically predicted behaviour of the signed power mean Laplacian and show that it compares favourably with state-of-the-art methods. 

009__ Selection Bias Explorations and Debias Methods for Natural Language  Sentence Matching Datasets__arXiv:1905.06221
Author: Guanhua Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06221
 Abstract: Natural Language Sentence Matching (NLSM) has gained substantial attention from both academics and the industry, and rich public datasets contribute a lot to this process. However, biased datasets can also hurt the generalization performance of trained models and give untrustworthy evaluation results. For many NLSM datasets, the providers select some pairs of sentences into the datasets, and this sampling procedure can easily bring unintended pattern, i.e., selection bias. One example is the QuoraQP dataset, where some content-independent naive features are unreasonably predictive. Such features are the reflection of the selection bias and termed as the leakage features. In this paper, we investigate the problem of selection bias on six NLSM datasets and find that four out of them are significantly biased. We further propose a training and evaluation framework to alleviate the bias. Experimental results on QuoraQP suggest that the proposed framework can improve the generalization ability of trained models, and give more trustworthy evaluation results for real-world adoptions. 

010__ Graph Markov Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.06214
Author: Meng Qu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06214
 Abstract: This paper studies semi-supervised object classification in relational data, which is a fundamental problem in relational data modeling. The problem has been extensively studied in the literature of both statistical relational learning (e.g. relational Markov networks) and graph neural networks (e.g. graph convolutional networks). Statistical relational learning methods can effectively model the dependency of object labels through conditional random fields for collective classification, whereas graph neural networks learn effective object representations for classification through end-to-end training. In this paper, we propose the Graph Markov Neural Network (GMNN) that combines the advantages of both worlds. A GMNN models the joint distribution of object labels with a conditional random field, which can be effectively trained with the variational EM algorithm. In the E-step, one graph neural network learns effective object representations for approximating the posterior distributions of object labels. In the M-step, another graph neural network is used to model the local label dependency. Experiments on object classification, link classification, and unsupervised node representation learning show that GMNN achieves state-of-the-art results. 

011__ A Blockchain based Service for Trusted Interaction Online__arXiv:1905.06186
Author: Yifan Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06186
 Abstract: We present a novel blockchain based service for proving the provenance of online digital identity, exposed as an assistive tool to help non-expert users make better decisions about whom to trust online. Our service harnesses the digital personhood (DP); the longitudinal and multi-modal signals created through users' lifelong digital interactions, as a basis for evidencing the provenance of identity. We describe how users may exchange trust evidence derived from their DP, in a granular and privacy-preserving manner, with other users in order to demonstrate coherence and longevity in their behaviour online. This is enabled through a novel secure infrastructure combining hybrid on- and off-chain storage combined with deep learning for DP analytics and visualization. We show how our tools enable users to make more effective decisions on whether to trust unknown third parties online, and also to spot behavioural deviations in their own social media footprints indicative of account hijacking. 

012__ Extensions to Justification Theory__arXiv:1905.06184
Author: Simon Marynissen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06184
 Abstract: Justification theory is a unifying framework for semantics of non-monotonic logics. It is built on the notion of a justification, which intuitively is a graph that explains the truth value of certain facts in a structure. Knowledge representation languages covered by justification theory include logic programs, argumentation frameworks, inductive definitions, and nested inductive and coinductive definitions. In addition, justifications are also used for implementation purposes. They are used to compute unfounded sets in modern ASP solvers, can be used to check for relevance of atoms in complete search algorithms, and recent lazy grounding algorithms are built on top of them. In this extended abstract, we lay out possible extensions to justification theory. 

013__ Recommending Dream Jobs in a Biased Real World__arXiv:1905.06134
Author: Nadia Fawaz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06134
 Abstract: Machine learning models learn what we teach them to learn. Machine learning is at the heart of recommender systems. If a machine learning model is trained on biased data, the resulting recommender system may reflect the biases in its recommendations. Biases arise at different stages in a recommender system, from existing societal biases in the data such as the professional gender gap, to biases introduced by the data collection or modeling processes. These biases impact the performance of various components of recommender systems, from offline training, to evaluation and online serving of recommendations in production systems. Specific techniques can help reduce bias at each stage of a recommender system. Reducing bias in our recommender systems is crucial to successfully recommending dream jobs to hundreds of millions members worldwide, while being true to LinkedIn's vision: "To create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce". 

014__ Distributional Reinforcement Learning for Efficient Exploration__arXiv:1905.06125
Author: Borislav Mavrin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06125
 Abstract: In distributional reinforcement learning (RL), the estimated distribution of value function models both the parametric and intrinsic uncertainties. We propose a novel and efficient exploration method for deep RL that has two components. The first is a decaying schedule to suppress the intrinsic uncertainty. The second is an exploration bonus calculated from the upper quantiles of the learned distribution. In Atari 2600 games, our method outperforms QR-DQN in 12 out of 14 hard games (achieving 483 \% average gain across 49 games in cumulative rewards over QR-DQN with a big win in Venture). We also compared our algorithm with QR-DQN in a challenging 3D driving simulator (CARLA). Results show that our algorithm achieves near-optimal safety rewards twice faster than QRDQN. 

015__ Semantic Search using Spreading Activation based on Ontology__arXiv:1905.06114
Author: Ngo Minh Vuong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06114
 Abstract: Currently, the text document retrieval systems have many challenges in exploring the semantics of queries and documents. Each query implies information which does not appear in the query but the documents related with the information are also expected by user. The disadvantage of the previous spreading activation algorithms could be many irrelevant concepts added to the query. In this paper, a proposed novel algorithm is only activate and add to the query named entities which are related with original entities in the query and explicit relations in the query. 

016__ A Survey__arXiv:1905.06113
Author: Andrey Rudenko
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06113
 Abstract: With growing numbers of intelligent systems in human environments, the ability of such systems to perceive, understand and anticipate human behavior becomes increasingly important. Specifically, predicting future positions of dynamic agents and planning considering such predictions are key tasks for self-driving vehicles, service robots and advanced surveillance systems. This paper provides a survey of human motion trajectory prediction. We review, analyze and structure a large selection of work from different communities and propose a taxonomy that categorizes existing approaches based on the motion modeling approach and level of contextual information used. We provide an overview of the existing datasets and performance metrics. We discuss limitations of the state of the art and outline directions for further research. 

017__ Accelerating Deterministic and Stochastic Binarized Neural Networks on  FPGAs Using OpenCL__arXiv:1905.06105
Author: Corey Lammie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06105
 Abstract: Recent technological advances have proliferated the available computing power, memory, and speed of modern Central Processing Units (CPUs), Graphics Processing Units (GPUs), and Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). Consequently, the performance and complexity of Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) is burgeoning. While GPU accelerated Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) currently offer state-of-the-art performance, they consume large amounts of power. Training such networks on CPUs is inefficient, as data throughput and parallel computation is limited. FPGAs are considered a suitable candidate for performance critical, low power systems, e.g. the Internet of Things (IOT) edge devices. Using the Xilinx SDAccel or Intel FPGA SDK for OpenCL development environment, networks described using the high-level OpenCL framework can be accelerated on heterogeneous platforms. Moreover, the resource utilization and power consumption of DNNs can be further enhanced by utilizing regularization techniques that binarize network weights. In this paper, we introduce, to the best of our knowledge, the first FPGA-accelerated stochastically binarized DNN implementations, and compare them to implementations accelerated using both GPUs and FPGAs. Our developed networks are trained and benchmarked using the popular MNIST and CIFAR-10 datasets, and achieve near state-of-the-art performance, while offering a >16-fold improvement in power consumption, compared to conventional GPU-accelerated networks. Both our FPGA-accelerated determinsitic and stochastic BNNs reduce inference times on MNIST and CIFAR-10 by >9.89x and >9.91x, respectively. 

018__ Kernel Combinations and  Periodic Functions__arXiv:1905.06076
Author: Tim Pearce
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06076
 Abstract: A simple, flexible approach to creating expressive priors in Gaussian process (GP) models makes new kernels from a combination of basic kernels, e.g. summing a periodic and linear kernel can capture seasonal variation with a long term trend. Despite a well-studied link between GPs and Bayesian neural networks (BNNs), the BNN analogue of this has not yet been explored. This paper derives BNN architectures mirroring such kernel combinations. Furthermore, it shows how BNNs can produce periodic kernels, which are often useful in this context. These ideas provide a principled approach to designing BNNs that incorporate prior knowledge about a function. We showcase the practical value of these ideas with illustrative experiments in supervised and reinforcement learning settings. 

019__ Survival of the Fittest in PlayerUnknown BattleGround__arXiv:1905.06052
Author: Brij Rokad
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06052
 Abstract: The goal of this paper was to predict the placement in the multiplayer game PUBG (playerunknown battleground). In the game, up to one hundred players parachutes onto an island and scavenge for weapons and equipment to kill others, while avoiding getting killed themselves. The available safe area of the game map decreases in size over time, directing surviving players into tighter areas to force encounters. The last player or team standing wins the round. In this paper specifically, we have tried to predict the placement of the player in the ultimate survival test. The data set has been taken from Kaggle. Entire dataset has 29 attributes which are categories to 1 label(winPlacePerc), training set has 4.5 million instances and testing set has 1.9 million. winPlacePerc is continuous category, which makes it harder to predict the survival of the fittest. To overcome this problem, we have applied multiple machine learning models to find the optimum prediction. Model consists of LightGBM Regression (Light Gradient Boosting Machine Regression), MultiLayer Perceptron, M5P (improvement on C4.5) and Random Forest. To measure the error rate, Mean Absolute Error has been used. With the final prediction we have achieved MAE of 0.02047, 0.065, 0.0592 and 0634 respectively. 

020__ Distribution Calibration for Regression__arXiv:1905.06023
Author: Hao Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.06023
 Abstract: We are concerned with obtaining well-calibrated output distributions from regression models. Such distributions allow us to quantify the uncertainty that the model has regarding the predicted target value. We introduce the novel concept of distribution calibration, and demonstrate its advantages over the existing definition of quantile calibration. We further propose a post-hoc approach to improving the predictions from previously trained regression models, using multi-output Gaussian Processes with a novel Beta link function. The proposed method is experimentally verified on a set of common regression models and shows improvements for both distribution-level and quantile-level calibration. 

021__ Hybrid Concepts for Industrial  Intrusion Detection__arXiv:1905.05984
Author: Simon D. Duque Anton
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05984
 Abstract: The concept of Industry 4.0 brings a disruption into the processing industry. It is characterised by a high degree of intercommunication, embedded computation, resulting in a decentralised and distributed handling of data. Additionally, cloud-storage and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) approaches enhance a centralised storage and handling of data. This often takes place in third-party networks. Furthermore, Industry 4.0 is driven by novel business cases. Lot sizes of one, customer individual production, observation of process state and progress in real-time and remote maintenance, just to name a few. All of these new business cases make use of the novel technologies. However, cyber security has not been an issue in industry. Industrial networks have been considered physically separated from public networks. Additionally, the high level of uniqueness of any industrial network was said to prevent attackers from exploiting flaws. Those assumptions are inherently broken by the concept of Industry 4.0. As a result, an abundance of attack vectors is created. In the past, attackers have used those attack vectors in spectacular fashions. Especially Small and Mediumsized Enterprises (SMEs) in Germany struggle to adapt to these challenges. Reasons are the cost required for technical solutions and security professionals. In order to enable SMEs to cope with the growing threat in the cyberspace, the research project IUNO Insec aims at providing and improving security solutions that can be used without specialised security knowledge. The project IUNO Insec is briefly introduced in this work. Furthermore, contributions in the field of intrusion detection, especially machine learning-based solutions, for industrial environments provided by the authors are presented and set into context. 

022__ Autonomous Penetration Testing using Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.05965
Author: Jonathon Schwartz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05965
 Abstract: Penetration testing (pentesting) involves performing a controlled attack on a computer system in order to assess it's security. Although an effective method for testing security, pentesting requires highly skilled practitioners and currently there is a growing shortage of skilled cyber security professionals. One avenue for alleviating this problem is automate the pentesting process using artificial intelligence techniques. Current approaches to automated pentesting have relied on model-based planning, however the cyber security landscape is rapidly changing making maintaining up-to-date models of exploits a challenge. This project investigated the application of model-free Reinforcement Learning (RL) to automated pentesting. Model-free RL has the key advantage over model-based planning of not requiring a model of the environment, instead learning the best policy through interaction with the environment. We first designed and built a fast, low compute simulator for training and testing autonomous pentesting agents. We did this by framing pentesting as a Markov Decision Process with the known configuration of the network as states, the available scans and exploits as actions, the reward determined by the value of machines on the network. We then used this simulator to investigate the application of model-free RL to pentesting. We tested the standard Q-learning algorithm using both tabular and neural network based implementations. We found that within the simulated environment both tabular and neural network implementations were able to find optimal attack paths for a range of different network topologies and sizes without having a model of action behaviour. However, the implemented algorithms were only practical for smaller networks and numbers of actions. Further work is needed in developing scalable RL algorithms and testing these algorithms in larger and higher fidelity environments. 

023__ Learning-based Single-step Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping  Reconstruction Without Brain Extraction__arXiv:1905.05953
Author: Hongjiang Wei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05953
 Abstract: Quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM) estimates the underlying tissue magnetic susceptibility from MRI gradient-echo phase signal and typically requires several processing steps. These steps involve phase unwrapping, brain volume extraction, background phase removal and solving an ill-posed inverse problem. The resulting susceptibility map is known to suffer from inaccuracy near the edges of the brain tissues, in part due to imperfect brain extraction, edge erosion of the brain tissue and the lack of phase measurement outside the brain. This inaccuracy has thus hindered the application of QSM for measuring the susceptibility of tissues near the brain edges, e.g., quantifying cortical layers and generating superficial venography. To address these challenges, we propose a learning-based QSM reconstruction method that directly estimates the magnetic susceptibility from total phase images without the need for brain extraction and background phase removal, referred to as autoQSM. The neural network has a modified U-net structure and is trained using QSM maps computed by a two-step QSM method. 209 healthy subjects with ages ranging from 11 to 82 years were employed for patch-wise network training. The network was validated on data dissimilar to the training data, e.g. in vivo mouse brain data and brains with lesions, which suggests that the network has generalized and learned the underlying mathematical relationship between magnetic field perturbation and magnetic susceptibility. AutoQSM was able to recover magnetic susceptibility of anatomical structures near the edges of the brain including the veins covering the cortical surface, spinal cord and nerve tracts near the mouse brain boundaries. The advantages of high-quality maps, no need for brain volume extraction and high reconstruction speed demonstrate its potential for future applications. 

024__ Unsupervised Deep Power Saving and Contrast Enhancement for OLED  Displays__arXiv:1905.05916
Author: Yong-Goo Shin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05916
 Abstract: Various power saving and contrast enhancement (PSCE) techniques have been applied to an organic light emitting diode (OLED) display for reducing the power demands of the display while preserving the image quality. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning-based PSCE scheme that can save power consumed by the OLED display while enhancing the contrast of the displayed image. In the proposed method, the power consumption is saved by simply reducing the brightness a certain ratio, whereas the perceived visual quality is preserved as much as possible by enhancing the contrast of the image using a convolutional neural network (CNN). Furthermore, our CNN can learn the PSCE technique without a reference image by unsupervised learning. Experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to conventional ones in terms of image quality assessment metrics such as a visual saliency-induced index (VSI) and a measure of enhancement (EME). 

025__ Zero-Shot Voice Style Transfer with Only Autoencoder Loss__arXiv:1905.05879
Author: Kaizhi Qian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05879
 Abstract: Non-parallel many-to-many voice conversion, as well as zero-shot voice conversion, remain under-explored areas. Deep style transfer algorithms, such as generative adversarial networks (GAN) and conditional variational autoencoder (CVAE), are being applied as new solutions in this field. However, GAN training is sophisticated and difficult, and there is no strong evidence that its generated speech is of good perceptual quality. On the other hands, CVAE training is simple but does not come with the distribution-matching property as in GAN. In this paper, we propose a new style transfer scheme that involves only an autoencoder with a carefully designed bottleneck. We formally show that this scheme can achieve distribution-matching style transfer by training only on a self-reconstruction loss. Based on this scheme, we proposed AUTOVC, which achieves state-of-the-art results in many-to-many voice conversion with non-parallel data, and which is the first to perform zero-shot voice conversion. 

026__ A  Consensus-based Approach__arXiv:1905.05849
Author: Shaeke Salman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05849
 Abstract: Deep neural networks have achieved remarkable success in challenging tasks. However, the black-box approach of training and testing of such networks is not acceptable to critical applications. In particular, the existence of adversarial examples and their overgeneralization to irrelevant inputs makes it difficult, if not impossible, to explain decisions by commonly used neural networks. In this paper, we analyze the underlying mechanism of generalization of deep neural networks and propose an ($n$, $k$) consensus algorithm to be insensitive to adversarial examples and at the same time be able to reject irrelevant samples. Furthermore, the consensus algorithm is able to improve classification accuracy by using multiple trained deep neural networks. To handle the complexity of deep neural networks, we cluster linear approximations and use cluster means to capture feature importance. Due to weight symmetry, a small number of clusters are sufficient to produce a robust interpretation. Experimental results on a health dataset show the effectiveness of our algorithm in enhancing the prediction accuracy and interpretability of deep neural network models on one-year patient mortality prediction. 

027__ Learning Policies from Self-Play with Policy Gradients and MCTS Value  Estimates__arXiv:1905.05809
Author: Dennis J. N. J. Soemers
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05809
 Abstract: In recent years, state-of-the-art game-playing agents often involve policies that are trained in self-playing processes where Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS) algorithms and trained policies iteratively improve each other. The strongest results have been obtained when policies are trained to mimic the search behaviour of MCTS by minimising a cross-entropy loss. Because MCTS, by design, includes an element of exploration, policies trained in this manner are also likely to exhibit a similar extent of exploration. In this paper, we are interested in learning policies for a project with future goals including the extraction of interpretable strategies, rather than state-of-the-art game-playing performance. For these goals, we argue that such an extent of exploration is undesirable, and we propose a novel objective function for training policies that are not exploratory. We derive a policy gradient expression for maximising this objective function, which can be estimated using MCTS value estimates, rather than MCTS visit counts. We empirically evaluate various properties of resulting policies, in a variety of board games. 

028__ Misleading Failures of Partial-input Baselines__arXiv:1905.05778
Author: Shi Feng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05778
 Abstract: Recent work establishes dataset difficulty and removes annotation artifacts via partial-input baselines (e.g., hypothesis-only or image-only models). While the success of a partial-input baseline indicates a dataset is cheatable, our work cautions the converse is not necessarily true. Using artificial datasets, we illustrate how the failure of a partial-input baseline might shadow more trivial patterns that are only visible in the full input. We also identify such artifacts in real natural language inference datasets. Our work provides an alternative view on the use of partial-input baselines in future dataset creation. 

029__ Robust Neural Network Training using Periodic Sampling over Model  Weights__arXiv:1905.05774
Author: Samarth Tripathi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05774
 Abstract: Deep neural networks provide best-in-class performance for a number of computer vision problems. However, training these networks is computationally intensive and requires fine-tuning various hyperparameters. In addition, performance swings widely as the network converges making it hard to decide when to stop training. In this paper, we introduce a trio of techniques (PSWA, PWALKS, and PSWM) centered around periodic sampling of model weights that provide consistent and more robust convergence on a variety of vision problems (classification, detection, segmentation) and gradient update methods (vanilla SGD, Momentum, Adam) with marginal additional computation time. Our techniques use existing optimal training policies but converge in a less volatile fashion with performance improvements that are approximately monotonic. Our analysis of the loss surface shows that these techniques also produce minima that are deeper and wider than those found by SGD. 

030__ Online Anomaly Detection with Sparse Gaussian Processes__arXiv:1905.05761
Author: Jingjing Fei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05761
 Abstract: Online anomaly detection of time-series data is an important and challenging task in machine learning. Gaussian processes (GPs) are powerful and flexible models for modeling time-series data. However, the high time complexity of GPs limits their applications in online anomaly detection. Attributed to some internal or external changes, concept drift usually occurs in time-series data, where the characteristics of data and meanings of abnormal behaviors alter over time. Online anomaly detection methods should have the ability to adapt to concept drift. Motivated by the above facts, this paper proposes the method of sparse Gaussian processes with Q-function (SGP-Q). The SGP-Q employs sparse Gaussian processes (SGPs) whose time complexity is lower than that of GPs, thus significantly speeding up online anomaly detection. By using Q-function properly, the SGP-Q can adapt to concept drift well. Moreover, the SGP-Q makes use of few abnormal data in the training data by its strategy of updating training data, resulting in more accurate sparse Gaussian process regression models and better anomaly detection results. We evaluate the SGP-Q on various artificial and real-world datasets. Experimental results validate the effectiveness of the SGP-Q. 

031__ Multi-View Multiple Clustering__arXiv:1905.05053
Author: Shixing Yao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05053
 Abstract: Multiple clustering aims at exploring alternative clusterings to organize the data into meaningful groups from different perspectives. Existing multiple clustering algorithms are designed for single-view data. We assume that the individuality and commonality of multi-view data can be leveraged to generate high-quality and diverse clusterings. To this end, we propose a novel multi-view multiple clustering (MVMC) algorithm. MVMC first adapts multi-view self-representation learning to explore the individuality encoding matrices and the shared commonality matrix of multi-view data. It additionally reduces the redundancy (i.e., enhancing the individuality) among the matrices using the Hilbert-Schmidt Independence Criterion (HSIC), and collects shared information by forcing the shared matrix to be smooth across all views. It then uses matrix factorization on the individual matrices, along with the shared matrix, to generate diverse clusterings of high-quality. We further extend multiple co-clustering on multi-view data and propose a solution called multi-view multiple co-clustering (MVMCC). Our empirical study shows that MVMC (MVMCC) can exploit multi-view data to generate multiple high-quality and diverse clusterings (co-clusterings), with superior performance to the state-of-the-art methods. 