------------------------------
Mon, Jun 03  2019
------------------------------
35 new papers today.

001__ Multiple Policy Value Monte Carlo Tree Search__arXiv:1905.13521
Author: Li-Cheng Lan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13521
 Abstract: Many of the strongest game playing programs use a combination of Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS) and deep neural networks (DNN), where the DNNs are used as policy or value evaluators. Given a limited budget, such as online playing or during the self-play phase of AlphaZero (AZ) training, a balance needs to be reached between accurate state estimation and more MCTS simulations, both of which are critical for a strong game playing agent. Typically, larger DNNs are better at generalization and accurate evaluation, while smaller DNNs are less costly, and therefore can lead to more MCTS simulations and bigger search trees with the same budget. This paper introduces a new method called the multiple policy value MCTS (MPV-MCTS), which combines multiple policy value neural networks (PV-NNs) of various sizes to retain advantages of each network, where two PV-NNs f_S and f_L are used in this paper. We show through experiments on the game NoGo that a combined f_S and f_L MPV-MCTS outperforms single PV-NN with policy value MCTS, called PV-MCTS. Additionally, MPV-MCTS also outperforms PV-MCTS for AZ training. error here, check on website.

003__ Ordinal Bucketing for Game Trees using Dynamic Quantile Approximation__arXiv:1905.13449
Author: Tobias Joppen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13449
 Abstract: In this paper, we present a simple and cheap ordinal bucketing algorithm that approximately generates $q$-quantiles from an incremental data stream. The bucketing is done dynamically in the sense that the amount of buckets $q$ increases with the number of seen samples. We show how this can be used in Ordinal Monte Carlo Tree Search (OMCTS) to yield better bounds on time and space complexity, especially in the presence of noisy rewards. Besides complexity analysis and quality tests of quantiles, we evaluate our method using OMCTS in the General Video Game Framework (GVGAI). Our results demonstrate its dominance over vanilla Monte Carlo Tree Search in the presence of noise, where OMCTS without bucketing has a very bad time and space complexity. 

004__ A Value-based Trust Assessment Model for Multi-agent Systems__arXiv:1905.13380
Author: Kinzang Chhogyal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13380
 Abstract: An agent's assessment of its trust in another agent is commonly taken to be a measure of the reliability/predictability of the latter's actions. It is based on the trustor's past observations of the behaviour of the trustee and requires no knowledge of the inner-workings of the trustee. However, in situations that are new or unfamiliar, past observations are of little help in assessing trust. In such cases, knowledge about the trustee can help. A particular type of knowledge is that of values - things that are important to the trustor and the trustee. In this paper, based on the premise that the more values two agents share, the more they should trust one another, we propose a simple approach to trust assessment between agents based on values, taking into account if agents trust cautiously or boldly, and if they depend on others in carrying out a task. 

005__ Explainability Techniques for Graph Convolutional Networks__arXiv:1905.13686
Author: Federico Baldassarre
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13686
 Abstract: Graph Networks are used to make decisions in potentially complex scenarios but it is usually not obvious how or why they made them. In this work, we study the explainability of Graph Network decisions using two main classes of techniques, gradient-based and decomposition-based, on a toy dataset and a chemistry task. Our study sets the ground for future development as well as application to real-world problems. 

006__ Augmenting Transfer Learning with Semantic Reasoning__arXiv:1905.13672
Author: Freddy Lecue
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13672
 Abstract: Transfer learning aims at building robust prediction models by transferring knowledge gained from one problem to another. In the semantic Web, learning tasks are enhanced with semantic representations. We exploit their semantics to augment transfer learning by dealing with when to transfer with semantic measurements and what to transfer with semantic embeddings. We further present a general framework that integrates the above measurements and embeddings with existing transfer learning algorithms for higher performance. It has demonstrated to be robust in two real-world applications: bus delay forecasting and air quality forecasting. 

007__ Implicit Regularization in Deep Matrix Factorization__arXiv:1905.13655
Author: Sanjeev Arora
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13655
 Abstract: Efforts to understand the generalization mystery in deep learning have led to the belief that gradient-based optimization induces a form of implicit regularization, a bias towards models of low "complexity." We study the implicit regularization of gradient descent over deep linear neural networks for matrix completion and sensing --- a model referred to as deep matrix factorization. Our first finding, supported by theory and experiments, is that adding depth to a matrix factorization enhances an implicit tendency towards low-rank solutions, oftentimes leading to more accurate recovery. Secondly, we present theoretical and empirical arguments questioning a nascent view by which implicit regularization in matrix factorization can be captured using simple mathematical norms. Our results point to the possibility that the language of standard regularizers may not be rich enough to fully encompass the implicit regularization brought forth by gradient-based optimization. 

008__ Crowdsourcing and Validating Event-focused Emotion Corpora for German  and English__arXiv:1905.13618
Author: Enrica Troiano
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13618
 Abstract: Sentiment analysis has a range of corpora available across multiple languages. For emotion analysis, the situation is more limited, which hinders potential research on cross-lingual modeling and the development of predictive models for other languages. In this paper, we fill this gap for German by constructing deISEAR, a corpus designed in analogy to the well-established English ISEAR emotion dataset. Motivated by Scherer's appraisal theory, we implement a crowdsourcing experiment which consists of two steps. In step 1, participants create descriptions of emotional events for a given emotion. In step 2, five annotators assess the emotion expressed by the texts. We show that transferring an emotion classification model from the original English ISEAR to the German crowdsourced deISEAR via machine translation does not, on average, cause a performance drop. 

009__ Using Natural Language Processing to Develop an Automated Orthodontic  Diagnostic System__arXiv:1905.13601
Author: Tomoyuki Kajiwara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13601
 Abstract: We work on the task of automatically designing a treatment plan from the findings included in the medical certificate written by the dentist. To develop an artificial intelligence system that deals with free-form certificates written by dentists, we annotate the findings and utilized the natural language processing approach. As a result of the experiment using 990 certificates, 0.585 F1-score was achieved for the task of extracting orthodontic problems from findings, and 0.584 correlation coefficient with the human ranking was achieved for the treatment prioritization task. 

010__ Factorized Inference in Deep Markov Models for Incomplete Multimodal  Time Series__arXiv:1905.13570
Author: Zhi-Xuan Tan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13570
 Abstract: Integrating deep learning with latent state space models has the potential to yield temporal models that are powerful, yet tractable and interpretable. Unfortunately, current models are not designed to handle missing data or multiple data modalities, which are both prevalent in real-world data. In this work, we introduce a factorized inference method for Multimodal Deep Markov Models (MDMMs), allowing us to filter and smooth in the presence of missing data, while also performing uncertainty-aware multimodal fusion. We derive this method by factorizing the posterior p(z|x) for non-linear state space models, and develop a variational backward-forward algorithm for inference. Because our method handles incompleteness over both time and modalities, it is capable of interpolation, extrapolation, conditional generation, and label prediction in multimodal time series. We demonstrate these capabilities on both synthetic and real-world multimodal data under high levels of data deletion. Our method performs well even with more than 50% missing data, and outperforms existing deep approaches to inference in latent time series. 

011__ Recent Advances in Imitation Learning from Observation__arXiv:1905.13566
Author: Faraz Torabi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13566
 Abstract: Imitation learning is the process by which one agent tries to learn how to perform a certain task using information generated by another, often more-expert agent performing that same task. Conventionally, the imitator has access to both state and action information generated by an expert performing the task (e.g., the expert may provide a kinesthetic demonstration of object placement using a robotic arm). However, requiring the action information prevents imitation learning from a large number of existing valuable learning resources such as online videos of humans performing tasks. To overcome this issue, the specific problem of imitation from observation (IfO) has recently garnered a great deal of attention, in which the imitator only has access to the state information (e.g., video frames) generated by the expert. In this paper, we provide a literature review of methods developed for IfO, and then point out some open research problems and potential future work. 

012__ A Corrective Reinforcement Learning Framework__arXiv:1905.13562
Author: Mohammadreza Nazari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13562
 Abstract: Although reinforcement learning (RL) can provide reliable solutions in many settings, practitioners are often wary of the discrepancies between the RL solution and their status quo procedures. Therefore, they may be reluctant to adapt to the novel way of executing tasks proposed by RL. On the other hand, many real-world problems require relatively small adjustments from the status quo policies to achieve improved performance. Therefore, we propose a student-teacher RL mechanism in which the RL (the "student") learns to maximize its reward, subject to a constraint that bounds the difference between the RL policy and the "teacher" policy. The teacher can be another RL policy (e.g., trained under a slightly different setting), the status quo policy, or any other exogenous policy. We formulate this problem using a stochastic optimization model and solve it using a primal-dual policy gradient algorithm. We prove that the policy is asymptotically optimal. However, a naive implementation suffers from high variance and convergence to a stochastic optimal policy. With a few practical adjustments to address these issues, our numerical experiments confirm the effectiveness of our proposed method in multiple GridWorld scenarios. 

013__ Evaluating Artificial Systems for Pairwise Ranking Tasks Sensitive to  Individual Differences__arXiv:1905.13560
Author: Xing Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13560
 Abstract: Owing to the advancement of deep learning, artificial systems are now rival to humans in several pattern recognition tasks, such as visual recognition of object categories. However, this is only the case with the tasks for which correct answers exist independent of human perception. There is another type of tasks for which what to predict is human perception itself, in which there are often individual differences. Then, there are no longer single "correct" answers to predict, which makes evaluation of artificial systems difficult. In this paper, focusing on pairwise ranking tasks sensitive to individual differences, we propose an evaluation method. Given a ranking result for multiple item pairs that is generated by an artificial system, our method quantifies the probability that the same ranking result will be generated by humans, and judges if it is distinguishable from human-generated results. We introduce a probabilistic model of human ranking behavior, and present an efficient computation method for the judgment. To estimate model parameters accurately from small-size samples, we present a method that uses confidence scores given by annotators for ranking each item pair. Taking as an example a task of ranking image pairs according to material attributes of objects, we demonstrate how the proposed method works. 

014__ Advantage Amplification in Slowly Evolving Latent-State Environments__arXiv:1905.13559
Author: Martin Mladenov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13559
 Abstract: Latent-state environments with long horizons, such as those faced by recommender systems, pose significant challenges for reinforcement learning (RL). In this work, we identify and analyze several key hurdles for RL in such environments, including belief state error and small action advantage. We develop a general principle of advantage amplification that can overcome these hurdles through the use of temporal abstraction. We propose several aggregation methods and prove they induce amplification in certain settings. We also bound the loss in optimality incurred by our methods in environments where latent state evolves slowly and demonstrate their performance empirically in a stylized user-modeling task. 

015__ Recurrent Existence Determination Through Policy Optimization__arXiv:1905.13551
Author: Baoxiang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13551
 Abstract: Binary determination of the presence of objects is one of the problems where humans perform extraordinarily better than computer vision systems, in terms of both speed and preciseness. One of the possible reasons is that humans can skip most of the clutter and attend only on salient regions. Recurrent attention models (RAM) are the first computational models to imitate the way humans process images via the REINFORCE algorithm. Despite that RAM is originally designed for image recognition, we extend it and present recurrent existence determination, an attention-based mechanism to solve the existence determination. Our algorithm employs a novel $k$-maximum aggregation layer and a new reward mechanism to address the issue of delayed rewards, which would have caused the instability of the training process. The experimental analysis demonstrates significant efficiency and accuracy improvement over existing approaches, on both synthetic and real-world datasets. 

016__ Graduated Fidelity Lattices for Motion Planning under Uncertainty__arXiv:1905.13531
Author: Adri¨¢n Gonz¨¢lez-Sieira
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13531
 Abstract: We present a novel approach for motion planning in mobile robotics under sensing and motion uncertainty based on state lattices with graduated fidelity. The probability of collision is reliably estimated considering the robot shape, and the fidelity adapts to the complexity of the environment, improving the planning efficiency while maintaining the performance. Safe and optimal paths are found with an informed search algorithm, for which a novel multi-resolution heuristic is presented. Results for different scenarios and robot shapes are given, showing the validity of the proposed methods. 

017__ Attention Is (not) All You Need for Commonsense Reasoning__arXiv:1905.13497
Author: Tassilo Klein
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13497
 Abstract: The recently introduced BERT model exhibits strong performance on several language understanding benchmarks. In this paper, we describe a simple re-implementation of BERT for commonsense reasoning. We show that the attentions produced by BERT can be directly utilized for tasks such as the Pronoun Disambiguation Problem and Winograd Schema Challenge. Our proposed attention-guided commonsense reasoning method is conceptually simple yet empirically powerful. Experimental analysis on multiple datasets demonstrates that our proposed system performs remarkably well on all cases while outperforming the previously reported state of the art by a margin. While results suggest that BERT seems to implicitly learn to establish complex relationships between entities, solving commonsense reasoning tasks might require more than unsupervised models learned from huge text corpora. 

018__ Interval timing in deep reinforcement learning agents__arXiv:1905.13469
Author: Ben Deverett
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13469
 Abstract: The measurement of time is central to intelligent behavior. We know that both animals and artificial agents can successfully use temporal dependencies to select actions. In artificial agents, little work has directly addressed (1) which architectural components are necessary for successful development of this ability, (2) how this timing ability comes to be represented in the units and actions of the agent, and (3) whether the resulting behavior of the system converges on solutions similar to those of biology. Here we studied interval timing abilities in deep reinforcement learning agents trained end-to-end on an interval reproduction paradigm inspired by experimental literature on mechanisms of timing. We characterize the strategies developed by recurrent and feedforward agents, which both succeed at temporal reproduction using distinct mechanisms, some of which bear specific and intriguing similarities to biological systems. These findings advance our understanding of how agents come to represent time, and they highlight the value of experimentally inspired approaches to characterizing agent abilities. 

019__ Joint Representation of Multiple Geometric Priors via a Shape  Decomposition Model for Single Monocular 3D Pose Estimation__arXiv:1905.13466
Author: Mengxi Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13466
 Abstract: In this paper, we aim to recover the 3D human pose from 2D body joints of a single image. The major challenge in this task is the depth ambiguity since different 3D poses may produce similar 2D poses. Although many recent advances in this problem are found in both unsupervised and supervised learning approaches, the performances of most of these approaches are greatly affected by insufficient diversities and richness of training data. To alleviate this issue, we propose an unsupervised learning approach, which is capable of estimating various complex poses well under limited available training data. Specifically, we propose a Shape Decomposition Model (SDM) in which a 3D pose is considered as the superposition of two parts which are global structure together with some deformations. Based on SDM, we estimate these two parts explicitly by solving two sets of different distributed combination coefficients of geometric priors. In addition, to obtain geometric priors, a joint dictionary learning algorithm is proposed to extract both coarse and fine pose clues simultaneously from limited training data. Quantitative evaluations on several widely used datasets demonstrate that our approach yields better performances over other competitive approaches. Especially, on some categories with more complex deformations, significant improvements are achieved by our approach. Furthermore, qualitative experiments conducted on in-the-wild images also show the effectiveness of the proposed approach. 

020__ An Empirical Investigation of Generalization and Transfer in  Reading Comprehension__arXiv:1905.13453
Author: Alon Talmor
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13453
 Abstract: A large number of reading comprehension (RC) datasets has been created recently, but little analysis has been done on whether they generalize to one another, and the extent to which existing datasets can be leveraged for improving performance on new ones. In this paper, we conduct such an investigation over ten RC datasets, training on one or more source RC datasets, and evaluating generalization, as well as transfer to a target RC dataset. We analyze the factors that contribute to generalization, and show that training on a source RC dataset and transferring to a target dataset substantially improves performance, even in the presence of powerful contextual representations from BERT (Devlin et al., 2019). We also find that training on multiple source RC datasets leads to robust generalization and transfer, and can reduce the cost of example collection for a new RC dataset. Following our analysis, we propose MultiQA, a BERT-based model, trained on multiple RC datasets, which leads to state-of-the-art performance on five RC datasets. We share our infrastructure for the benefit of the research community. 

021__ Content Word-based Sentence Decoding and Evaluating for Open-domain  Neural Response Generation__arXiv:1905.13438
Author: Tianyu Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13438
 Abstract: Various encoder-decoder models have been applied to response generation in open-domain dialogs, but a majority of conventional models directly learn a mapping from lexical input to lexical output without explicitly modeling intermediate representations. Utilizing language hierarchy and modeling intermediate information have been shown to benefit many language understanding and generation tasks. Motivated by Broca's aphasia, we propose to use a content word sequence as an intermediate representation for open-domain response generation. Experimental results show that the proposed method improves content relatedness of produced responses, and our models can often choose correct grammar for generated content words. Meanwhile, instead of evaluating complete sentences, we propose to compute conventional metrics on content word sequences, which is a better indicator of content relevance. 

022__ Transition-Aware Context Network for Spatio-Temporal Action  Detection__arXiv:1905.13417
Author: Lin Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13417
 Abstract: Current state-of-the-art approaches for spatio-temporal action detection have achieved impressive results but remain unsatisfactory for temporal extent detection. The main reason comes from that, there are some ambiguous states similar to the real actions which may be treated as target actions even by a well-trained network. In this paper, we define these ambiguous samples as "transitional states", and propose a Transition-Aware Context Network (TACNet) to distinguish transitional states. The proposed TACNet includes two main components, i.e., temporal context detector and transition-aware classifier. The temporal context detector can extract long-term context information with constant time complexity by constructing a recurrent network. The transition-aware classifier can further distinguish transitional states by classifying action and transitional states simultaneously. Therefore, the proposed TACNet can substantially improve the performance of spatio-temporal action detection. We extensively evaluate the proposed TACNet on UCF101-24 and J-HMDB datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that TACNet obtains competitive performance on JHMDB and significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the untrimmed UCF101-24 in terms of both frame-mAP and video-mAP. 

023__ Extending Deep Model Predictive Control with Safety Augmented Value  Estimation from Demonstrations__arXiv:1905.13402
Author: Brijen Thananjeyan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13402
 Abstract: Reinforcement learning (RL) for robotics is challenging due to the difficulty in hand-engineering a dense cost function, which can lead to unintended behavior, and dynamical uncertainty, which makes it hard to enforce constraints during learning. We address these issues with a new model-based reinforcement learning algorithm, safety augmented value estimation from demonstrations (SAVED), which uses supervision that only identifies task completion and a modest set of suboptimal demonstrations to constrain exploration and learn efficiently while handling complex constraints. We derive iterative improvement guarantees for SAVED under known stochastic nonlinear systems. We then compare SAVED with 3 state-of-the-art model-based and model-free RL algorithms on 6 standard simulation benchmarks involving navigation and manipulation and 2 real-world tasks on the da Vinci surgical robot. Results suggest that SAVED outperforms prior methods in terms of success rate, constraint satisfaction, and sample efficiency, making it feasible to safely learn complex maneuvers directly on a real robot in less than an hour. For tasks on the robot, baselines succeed less than 5% of the time while SAVED has a success rate of over 75% in the first 50 training iterations. 

024__ Supervised Online Hashing via Similarity Distribution Learning__arXiv:1905.13382
Author: Mingbao Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13382
 Abstract: Online hashing has attracted extensive research attention when facing streaming data. Most online hashing methods, learning binary codes based on pairwise similarities of training instances, fail to capture the semantic relationship, and suffer from a poor generalization in large-scale applications due to large variations. In this paper, we propose to model the similarity distributions between the input data and the hashing codes, upon which a novel supervised online hashing method, dubbed as Similarity Distribution based Online Hashing (SDOH), is proposed, to keep the intrinsic semantic relationship in the produced Hamming space. Specifically, we first transform the discrete similarity matrix into a probability matrix via a Gaussian-based normalization to address the extremely imbalanced distribution issue. And then, we introduce a scaling Student t-distribution to solve the challenging initialization problem, and efficiently bridge the gap between the known and unknown distributions. Lastly, we align the two distributions via minimizing the Kullback-Leibler divergence (KL-diverence) with stochastic gradient descent (SGD), by which an intuitive similarity constraint is imposed to update hashing model on the new streaming data with a powerful generalizing ability to the past data. Extensive experiments on three widely-used benchmarks validate the superiority of the proposed SDOH over the state-of-the-art methods in the online retrieval task. 

025__ Generating realistic molecular graphs with optimized  properties__arXiv:1905.13372
Author: Mariya Popova
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13372
 Abstract: Designing new molecules with a set of predefined properties is a core problem in modern drug discovery and development. There is a growing need for de-novo design methods that would address this problem. We present MolecularRNN, the graph recurrent generative model for molecular structures. Our model generates diverse realistic molecular graphs after likelihood pretraining on a big database of molecules. We perform an analysis of our pretrained models on large-scale generated datasets of 1 million samples. Further, the model is tuned with policy gradient algorithm, provided a critic that estimates the reward for the property of interest. We show a significant distribution shift to the desired range for lipophilicity, drug-likeness, and melting point outperforming state-of-the-art works. With the use of rejection sampling based on valency constraints, our model yields 100% validity. Moreover, we show that invalid molecules provide a rich signal to the model through the use of structure penalty in our reinforcement learning pipeline. 

026__ Reinforcement Learning for Mean Field Game__arXiv:1905.13357
Author: Nilay Tiwari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13357
 Abstract: Stochastic games provide a framework for interactions among multi-agents and enable a myriad of applications. In these games, agents decide on actions simultaneously, the state of an agent moves to the next state, and each agent receives a reward. However, finding an equilibrium (if exists) in this game is often difficult when the number of agents become large. This paper focuses on finding a mean-field equilibrium (MFE) in an action coupled stochastic game setting in an episodic framework. It is assumed that the impact of the other agents' can be assumed by the empirical distribution of the mean of the actions. All agents know the action distribution and employ lower-myopic best response dynamics to choose the optimal oblivious strategy. This paper proposes a posterior sampling based approach for reinforcement learning in the mean-field game, where each agent samples a transition probability from the previous transitions. We show that the policy and action distributions converge to the optimal oblivious strategy and the limiting distribution, respectively, which constitute a MFE. 

027__ Deterministic PAC-Bayesian generalization bounds for deep networks via  generalizing noise-resilience__arXiv:1905.13344
Author: Vaishnavh Nagarajan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13344
 Abstract: The ability of overparameterized deep networks to generalize well has been linked to the fact that stochastic gradient descent (SGD) finds solutions that lie in flat, wide minima in the training loss -- minima where the output of the network is resilient to small random noise added to its parameters. So far this observation has been used to provide generalization guarantees only for neural networks whose parameters are either \textit{stochastic} or \textit{compressed}. In this work, we present a general PAC-Bayesian framework that leverages this observation to provide a bound on the original network learned -- a network that is deterministic and uncompressed. What enables us to do this is a key novelty in our approach: our framework allows us to show that if on training data, the interactions between the weight matrices satisfy certain conditions that imply a wide training loss minimum, these conditions themselves {\em generalize} to the interactions between the matrices on test data, thereby implying a wide test loss minimum. We then apply our general framework in a setup where we assume that the pre-activation values of the network are not too small (although we assume this only on the training data). In this setup, we provide a generalization guarantee for the original (deterministic, uncompressed) network, that does not scale with product of the spectral norms of the weight matrices -- a guarantee that would not have been possible with prior approaches. 

028__ On Value Functions and the Agent-Environment Boundary__arXiv:1905.13341
Author: Nan Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13341
 Abstract: When function approximation is deployed in reinforcement learning (RL), the same problem may be formulated in different ways, often by treating a pre-processing step as a part of the environment or as part of the agent. As a consequence, fundamental concepts in RL, such as (optimal) value functions, are not uniquely defined as they depend on where we draw this agent-environment boundary, causing problems in theoretical analyses that provide optimality guarantees. We address this issue via a simple and novel boundary-invariant analysis of Fitted Q-Iteration, a representative RL algorithm, where the assumptions and the guarantees are invariant to the choice of boundary. We also discuss closely related issues on state resetting and Monte-Carlo Tree Search, deterministic vs stochastic systems, imitation learning, and the verifiability of theoretical assumptions from data. 

029__ Combating the Compounding-Error Problem with a Multi-step Model__arXiv:1905.13320
Author: Kavosh Asadi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13320
 Abstract: Model-based reinforcement learning is an appealing framework for creating agents that learn, plan, and act in sequential environments. Model-based algorithms typically involve learning a transition model that takes a state and an action and outputs the next state---a one-step model. This model can be composed with itself to enable predicting multiple steps into the future, but one-step prediction errors can get magnified, leading to unacceptable inaccuracy. This compounding-error problem plagues planning and undermines model-based reinforcement learning. In this paper, we address the compounding-error problem by introducing a multi-step model that directly outputs the outcome of executing a sequence of actions. Novel theoretical and empirical results indicate that the multi-step model is more conducive to efficient value-function estimation, and it yields better action selection compared to the one-step model. These results make a strong case for using multi-step models in the context of model-based reinforcement learning. 

030__ Graph Attention Memory for Visual Navigation__arXiv:1905.13315
Author: Dong Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13315
 Abstract: The task of learning to navigate in the complex environment is often tackled in the deep reinforcement learning framework utilizing a reactive policy or general-purposed recurrent policy. Unfortunately, these two kinds of policy are insufficient to deal with long-term memory issue in visual navigation and causing a long learning period. To address this issue, this paper proposes a graph attention memory (GAM) based navigation system which includes three modules: a memory construction module, a graph attention module, and a control module. The memory construction module builds the topological graph based on supervised learning by taking the exploration prior. Then guided attention features are extracted from the graph attention module. Finally, the deep reinforcement learning based control module makes the decision by taking the visual observation and guided attention features. The proposed method is validated in a complex 3D environment. The results show that the GAM-based navigation system outperforms all baselines both in the learning speed and the success rate. We also provide a detailed analysis of the topological occupancy of the graph based on the manual and random exploration strategies. 

031__ A Survey on Biomedical Image Captioning__arXiv:1905.13302
Author: Vasiliki Kougia
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13302
 Abstract: Image captioning applied to biomedical images can assist and accelerate the diagnosis process followed by clinicians. This article is the first survey of biomedical image captioning, discussing datasets, evaluation measures, and state of the art methods. Additionally, we suggest two baselines, a weak and a stronger one; the latter outperforms all current state of the art systems on one of the datasets. 

032__ Weight Decay and Data  Augmentation Affect Early Learning Dynamics, Matter Little Near Convergence__arXiv:1905.13277
Author: Aditya Golatkar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13277
 Abstract: Regularization is typically understood as improving generalization by altering the landscape of local extrema to which the model eventually converges. Deep neural networks (DNNs), however, challenge this view: We show that removing regularization after an initial transient period has little effect on generalization, even if the final loss landscape is the same as if there had been no regularization. In some cases, generalization even improves after interrupting regularization. Conversely, if regularization is applied only after the initial transient, it has no effect on the final solution, whose generalization gap is as bad as if regularization never happened. This suggests that what matters for training deep networks is not just whether or how, but when to regularize. The phenomena we observe are manifest in different datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100), different architectures (ResNet-18, All-CNN), different regularization methods (weight decay, data augmentation), different learning rate schedules (exponential, piece-wise constant). They collectively suggest that there is a ``critical period'' for regularizing deep networks that is decisive of the final performance. More analysis should, therefore, focus on the transient rather than asymptotic behavior of learning. 

033__ A survey of advances in vision-based vehicle re-identification__arXiv:1905.13258
Author: Sultan Daud Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13258
 Abstract: Vehicle re-identification (V-reID) has become significantly popular in the community due to its applications and research significance. In particular, the V-reID is an important problem that still faces numerous open challenges. This paper reviews different V-reID methods including sensor based methods, hybrid methods, and vision based methods which are further categorized into hand-crafted feature based methods and deep feature based methods. The vision based methods make the V-reID problem particularly interesting, and our review systematically addresses and evaluates these methods for the first time. We conduct experiments on four comprehensive benchmark datasets and compare the performances of recent hand-crafted feature based methods and deep feature based methods. We present the detail analysis of these methods in terms of mean average precision (mAP) and cumulative matching curve (CMC). These analyses provide objective insight into the strengths and weaknesses of these methods. We also provide the details of different V-reID datasets and critically discuss the challenges and future trends of V-reID methods. 

034__ Modeling Theory of Mind in Multi-Agent Games Using Adaptive Feedback  Control__arXiv:1905.13225
Author: Ismael T. Freire
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13225
 Abstract: A major challenge in cognitive science and AI has been to understand how autonomous agents might acquire and predict behavioral and mental states of other agents in the course of complex social interactions. How does such an agent model the goals, beliefs, and actions of other agents it interacts with? What are the computational principles to model a Theory of Mind (ToM)? Deep learning approaches to address these questions fall short of a better understanding of the problem. In part, this is due to the black-box nature of deep networks, wherein computational mechanisms of ToM are not readily revealed. Here, we consider alternative hypotheses seeking to model how the brain might realize a ToM. In particular, we propose embodied and situated agent models based on distributed adaptive control theory to predict actions of other agents in five different game theoretic tasks (Harmony Game, Hawk-Dove, Stag-Hunt, Prisoner's Dilemma and Battle of the Exes). Our multi-layer control models implement top-down predictions from adaptive to reactive layers of control and bottom-up error feedback from reactive to adaptive layers. We test cooperative and competitive strategies among seven different agent models (cooperative, greedy, tit-for-tat, reinforcement-based, rational, predictive and other's-model agents). We show that, compared to pure reinforcement-based strategies, probabilistic learning agents modeled on rational, predictive and other's-model phenotypes perform better in game-theoretic metrics across tasks. Our autonomous multi-agent models capture systems-level processes underlying a ToM and highlight architectural principles of ToM from a control-theoretic perspective. 

035__ Preventing Body Shape Inference of Multi-Stage Approaches__arXiv:1905.11503
Author: Hosnieh Sattar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11503
 Abstract: Modern approaches to pose and body shape estimation have recently achieved strong performance even under challenging real-world conditions. Even from a single image of a clothed person, a realistic looking body shape can be inferred that captures a users' weight group and body shape type well. This opens up a whole spectrum of applications -- in particular in fashion -- where virtual try-on and recommendation systems can make use of these new and automatized cues. However, a realistic depiction of the undressed body is regarded highly private and therefore might not be consented by most people. Hence, we ask if the automatic extraction of such information can be effectively evaded. While adversarial perturbations have been shown to be effective for manipulating the output of machine learning models -- in particular, end-to-end deep learning approaches -- state of the art shape estimation methods are composed of multiple stages. We perform the first investigation of different strategies that can be used to effectively manipulate the automatic shape estimation while preserving the overall appearance of the original image. 