------------------------------
Thu, Apr 11  2019
------------------------------

001__ A Review__arXiv:1904.05276
Author: K.S.D. Ishwari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05276
 Abstract: Question Answering has recently received high attention from artificial intelligence communities due to the advancements in learning technologies. Early question answering models used rule-based approaches and moved to the statistical approach to address the vastly available information. However, statistical approaches are shown to underperform in handling the dynamic nature and the variation of language. Therefore, learning models have shown the capability of handling the dynamic nature and variations in language. Many deep learning methods have been introduced to question answering. Most of the deep learning approaches have shown to achieve higher results compared to machine learning and statistical methods. The dynamic nature of language has profited from the nonlinear learning in deep learning. This has created prominent success and a spike in work on question answering. This paper discusses the successes and challenges in question answering question answering systems and techniques that are used in these challenges. 

002__ Deep Learning Inversion of Electrical Resistivity Data__arXiv:1904.05265
Author: Bin Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05265
 Abstract: The inverse problem of electrical resistivity surveys (ERS) is difficult because of its nonlinear and ill-posed nature. For this task, traditional linear inversion methods still face challenges such as sub-optimal approximation and initial model selection. Inspired by the remarkable non-linear mapping ability of deep learning approaches, in this paper we propose to build the mapping from apparent resistivity data (input) to resistivity model (output) directly by convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, the vertically varying characteristic of patterns in the apparent resistivity data may cause ambiguity when using CNNs with the weight sharing and effective receptive field properties. To address the potential issue, we supply an additional tier feature map to CNNs to help it get aware of the relationship between input and output. Based on the prevalent U-Net architecture, we design our network (ERSInvNet) which can be trained end-to-end and reach real-time inference during testing. We further introduce depth weighting function and smooth constraint into loss function to improve inversion accuracy for the deep region and suppress false anomalies. Four groups of experiments are considered to demonstrate the feasibility and efficiency of the proposed methods. According to the comprehensive qualitative analysis and quantitative comparison, ERSInvNet with tier feature map, smooth constraints and depth weighting function together achieve the best performance. 

003__ Next-Active-Object prediction from Egocentric Videos__arXiv:1904.05250
Author: Antonino Furnari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05250
 Abstract: Although First Person Vision systems can sense the environment from the user's perspective, they are generally unable to predict his intentions and goals. Since human activities can be decomposed in terms of atomic actions and interactions with objects, intelligent wearable systems would benefit from the ability to anticipate user-object interactions. Even if this task is not trivial, the First Person Vision paradigm can provide important cues to address this challenge. We propose to exploit the dynamics of the scene to recognize next-active-objects before an object interaction begins. We train a classifier to discriminate trajectories leading to an object activation from all others and forecast next-active-objects by analyzing fixed-length trajectory segments within a temporal sliding window. The proposed method compares favorably with respect to several baselines on the Activity of Daily Living (ADL) egocentric dataset comprising 10 hours of videos acquired by 20 subjects while performing unconstrained interactions with several objects. 

004__ Is Two Better than One? Effects of Multiple Agents on User Persuasion__arXiv:1904.05248
Author: Reshmashree B. Kantharaju
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05248
 Abstract: Virtual humans need to be persuasive in order to promote behaviour change in human users. While several studies have focused on understanding the numerous aspects that influence the degree of persuasion, most of them are limited to dyadic interactions. In this paper, we present an evaluation study focused on understanding the effects of multiple agents on user's persuasion. Along with gender and status (authoritative & peer), we also look at type of focus employed by the agent i.e., user-directed where the agent aims to persuade by addressing the user directly and vicarious where the agent aims to persuade the user, who is an observer, indirectly by engaging another agent in the discussion. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the 12 conditions and presented with a persuasive message by one or several virtual agents. A questionnaire was used to measure perceived interpersonal attitude, credibility and persuasion. Results indicate that credibility positively affects persuasion. In general, multiple agent setting, irrespective of the focus, was more persuasive than single agent setting. Although, participants favored user-directed setting and reported it to be persuasive and had an increased level of trust in the agents, the actual change in persuasion score reflects that vicarious setting was the most effective in inducing behaviour change. In addition to this, the study also revealed that authoritative agents were the most persuasive. 

005__ Accelerated Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy with Deep Learning__arXiv:1904.05168
Author: Xiaobo Qu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05168
 Abstract: Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy serves as an indispensable tool in chemistry and biology but often suffers from long experimental time. We present a proof-of-concept of harnessing deep learning and neural network for high-quality, reliable, and very fast NMR spectra reconstruction from limited experimental data. We show that the neural network training can be achieved using solely synthetic NMR signal, which lifts the prohibiting demand for large volume of realistic training data usually required in the deep learning approach. 

006__ Predicting Novel Views Using Generative Adversarial Query Network__arXiv:1904.05124
Author: Phong Nguyen-Ha
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05124
 Abstract: The problem of predicting a novel view of the scene using an arbitrary number of observations is a challenging problem for computers as well as for humans. This paper introduces the Generative Adversarial Query Network (GAQN), a general learning framework for novel view synthesis that combines Generative Query Network (GQN) and Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). The conventional GQN encodes input views into a latent representation that is used to generate a new view through a recurrent variational decoder. The proposed GAQN builds on this work by adding two novel aspects: First, we extend the current GQN architecture with an adversarial loss function for improving the visual quality and convergence speed. Second, we introduce a feature-matching loss function for stabilizing the training procedure. The experiments demonstrate that GAQN is able to produce high-quality results and faster convergence compared to the conventional approach. 

007__ Differential Dynamic Programming for Multi-Phase Rigid Contact Dynamics__arXiv:1904.05072
Author: Rohan Budhiraja
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05072
 Abstract: A common strategy today to generate efficient locomotion movements is to split the problem into two consecutive steps: the first one generates the contact sequence together with the centroidal trajectory, while the second one computes the whole-body trajectory that follows the centroidal pattern. Yet the second step is generally handled by a simple program such as an inverse kinematics solver. In contrast, we propose to compute the whole-body trajectory by using a local optimal control solver, namely Differential Dynamic Programming (DDP). Our method produces more efficient motions, with lower forces and smaller impacts, by exploiting the Angular Momentum (AM). With this aim, we propose an original DDP formulation exploiting the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker constraint of the rigid contact model. We experimentally show the importance of this approach by executing large steps walking on the real HRP-2 robot, and by solving the problem of attitude control under the absence of external forces. 

008__ A Survey__arXiv:1904.05046
Author: Yaqing Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05046
 Abstract: The quest of `can machines think' and `can machines do what human do' are quests that drive the development of artificial intelligence. Although recent artificial intelligence succeeds in many data intensive applications, it still lacks the ability of learning from limited exemplars and fast generalizing to new tasks. To tackle this problem, one has to turn to machine learning, which supports the scientific study of artificial intelligence. Particularly, a machine learning problem called Few-Shot Learning (FSL) targets at this case. It can rapidly generalize to new tasks of limited supervised experience by turning to prior knowledge, which mimics human's ability to acquire knowledge from few examples through generalization and analogy. It has been seen as a test-bed for real artificial intelligence, a way to reduce laborious data gathering and computationally costly training, and antidote for rare cases learning. With extensive works on FSL emerging, we give a comprehensive survey for it. We first give the formal definition for FSL. Then we point out the core issues of FSL, which turns the problem from "how to solve FSL" to "how to deal with the core issues". Accordingly, existing works from the birth of FSL to the most recent published ones are categorized in a unified taxonomy, with thorough discussion of the pros and cons for different categories. Finally, we envision possible future directions for FSL in terms of problem setup, techniques, applications and theory, hoping to provide insights to both beginners and experienced researchers. 

009__ Better Word Embeddings by Disentangling Contextual n-Gram Information__arXiv:1904.05033
Author: Prakhar Gupta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05033
 Abstract: Pre-trained word vectors are ubiquitous in Natural Language Processing applications. In this paper, we show how training word embeddings jointly with bigram and even trigram embeddings, results in improved unigram embeddings. We claim that training word embeddings along with higher n-gram embeddings helps in the removal of the contextual information from the unigrams, resulting in better stand-alone word embeddings. We empirically show the validity of our hypothesis by outperforming other competing word representation models by a significant margin on a wide variety of tasks. We make our models publicly available. 

010__ Soft Conditional Computation__arXiv:1904.04971
Author: Brandon Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04971
 Abstract: Conditional computation aims to increase the size and accuracy of a network, at a small increase in inference cost. Previous hard-routing models explicitly route the input to a subset of experts. We propose soft conditional computation, which, in contrast, utilizes all experts while still permitting efficient inference through parameter routing. Concretely, for a given convolutional layer, we wish to compute a linear combination of $n$ experts $\alpha_1 \cdot (W_1 * x) + \ldots + \alpha_n \cdot (W_n * x)$, where $\alpha_1, \ldots, \alpha_n$ are functions of the input learned through gradient descent. A straightforward evaluation requires $n$ convolutions. We propose an equivalent form of the above computation, $(\alpha_1 W_1 + \ldots + \alpha_n W_n) * x$, which requires only a single convolution. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method, named CondConv, by scaling up the MobileNetV1, MobileNetV2, and ResNet-50 model architectures to achieve higher accuracy while retaining efficient inference. On the ImageNet classification dataset, CondConv improves the top-1 validation accuracy of the MobileNetV1(0.5x) model from 63.8% to 71.6% while only increasing inference cost by 27%. On COCO object detection, CondConv improves the minival mAP of a MobileNetV1(1.0x) SSD model from 20.3 to 22.4 with just a 4% increase in inference cost. 

011__ Bi-directional Attention Entity Graph Convolutional Network for  Multi-hop Reasoning Question Answering__arXiv:1904.04969
Author: Yu Cao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04969
 Abstract: Multi-hop reasoning question answering requires deep comprehension of relationships between various documents and queries. We propose a Bi-directional Attention Entity Graph Convolutional Network (BAG), leveraging relationships between nodes in an entity graph and attention information between a query and the entity graph, to solve this task. Graph convolutional networks are used to obtain a relation-aware representation of nodes for entity graphs built from documents with multi-level features. Bidirectional attention is then applied on graphs and queries to generate a query-aware nodes representation, which will be used for the final prediction. Experimental evaluation shows BAG achieves state-of-the-art accuracy performance on the QAngaroo WIKIHOP dataset. 

012__ Adaptive Learning Expert System for Diagnosis and Management of Viral  Hepatitis__arXiv:1904.04937
Author: Henok Yared Agizew
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04937
 Abstract: Viral hepatitis is the regularly found health problem throughout the world among other easily transmitted diseases, such as tuberculosis, human immune virus, malaria and so on. Among all hepatitis viruses, the uppermost numbers of deaths are result from the long-lasting hepatitis C infection or long-lasting hepatitis B. In order to develop this system, the knowledge is acquired using both structured and semi-structured interviews from internists of St.Paul Hospital. Once the knowledge is acquired, it is modeled and represented using rule based reasoning techniques. Both forward and backward chaining is used to infer the rules and provide appropriate advices in the developed expert system. For the purpose of developing the prototype expert system SWI-prolog editor also used. The proposed system has the ability to adapt with dynamic knowledge by generalizing rules and discover new rules through learning the newly arrived knowledge from domain experts adaptively without any help from the knowledge engineer. Keywords: Expert System, Diagnosis and Management of Viral Hepatitis, Adaptive Learning, Discovery and Generalization Mechanism 

013__ Small-World Neural Networks and Rapid Convergence__arXiv:1904.04862
Author: Mojan Javaheripi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04862
 Abstract: Training large and highly accurate deep learning (DL) models is computationally costly. This cost is in great part due to the excessive number of trained parameters, which are well-known to be redundant and compressible for the execution phase. This paper proposes a novel transformation which changes the topology of the DL architecture such that it reaches an optimal cross-layer connectivity. This transformation leverages our important observation that for a set level of accuracy, convergence is fastest when network topology reaches the boundary of a Small-World Network. Small-world graphs are known to possess a specific connectivity structure that enables enhanced signal propagation among nodes. Our small-world models, called SWNets, provide several intriguing benefits: they facilitate data (gradient) flow within the network, enable feature-map reuse by adding long-range connections and accommodate various network architectures/datasets. Compared to densely connected networks (e.g., DenseNets), SWNets require a substantially fewer number of training parameters while maintaining a similar level of classification accuracy. We evaluate our networks on various DL model architectures and image classification datasets, namely, CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ILSVRC (ImageNet). Our experiments demonstrate an average of ~2.1x improvement in convergence speed to the desired accuracy 