------------------------------
Thu, May 23  2019
------------------------------
17 new papers today.

001__ A Data-Driven Air-Cargo Revenue Management System__arXiv:1905.09130
Author: Stefano Giovanni Rizzo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09130
 Abstract: We propose AI-CARGO, a revenue management system for air-cargo that combines machine learning prediction with decision-making using mathematical optimization methods. AI-CARGO addresses a problem that is unique to the air-cargo business, namely the wide discrepancy between the quantity (weight or volume) that a shipper will book and the actual received amount at departure time by the airline. The discrepancy results in sub-optimal and inefficient behavior by both the shipper and the airline resulting in the overall loss of potential revenue for the airline. AI-CARGO also includes a data cleaning component to deal with the heterogeneous forms in which booking data is transmitted to the airline cargo system. AI-CARGO is deployed in the production environment of a large commercial airline company. We have validated the benefits of AI-CARGO using real and synthetic datasets. Especially, we have carried out simulations using dynamic programming techniques to elicit the impact on offloading costs and revenue generation of our proposed system. Our results suggest that combining prediction within a decision-making framework can help dramatically to reduce offloading costs and optimize revenue generation. 

002__ an Argument in Favour of Deep  Learning and Reasoning__arXiv:1905.09103
Author: Andrea Galassi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09103
 Abstract: Deep learning is bringing remarkable contributions to the field of argumentation mining, but the existing approaches still need to fill the gap towards performing advanced reasoning tasks. We illustrate how neural-symbolic and statistical relational learning could play a crucial role in the integration of symbolic and sub-symbolic methods to achieve this goal. 

003__ A Neural Network Topology Profiler__arXiv:1905.09063
Author: Raghavendra Bhat
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09063
 Abstract: Performance of end-to-end neural networks on a given hardware platform is a function of its compute and memory signature, which in-turn, is governed by a wide range of parameters such as topology size, primitives used, framework used, batching strategy, latency requirements, precision etc. Current benchmarking tools suffer from limitations such as a) being either too granular like DeepBench (or) b) mandate a working implementation that is either framework specific or hardware-architecture specific (or) c) provide only high level benchmark metrics. In this paper, we present NTP (Neural Net Topology Profiler), a sophisticated benchmarking framework, to effectively identify memory and compute signature of an end-to-end topology on multiple hardware architectures, without the need to actually implement the topology in a framework. NTP is tightly integrated with hardware specific benchmark tools to enable exhaustive data collection and analysis. Using NTP, a deep learning researcher can quickly establish baselines needed to understand performance of an end-to-end neural network topology and make high level architectural decisions based on optimization techniques like layer sizing, quantization, pruning etc. Further, integration of NTP with frameworks like Tensorflow, Pytorch, Intel OpenVINO etc. allows for performance comparison along several vectors like a) Comparison of different frameworks on a given hardware b) Comparison of different hardware using a given framework c) Comparison across different heterogeneous hardware configurations for given framework etc. These capabilities empower a researcher to effortlessly make architectural decisions needed for achieving optimized performance on any hardware platform. The paper documents the architectural approach of NTP and demonstrates the capabilities of the tool by benchmarking Mozilla DeepSpeech, a popular Speech Recognition topology. 

004__ Data-Efficient Model-Based RL through Unsupervised Object  Discovery and Curiosity-Driven Exploration__arXiv:1905.09275
Author: Nicholas Watters
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09275
 Abstract: Data efficiency and robustness to task-irrelevant perturbations are long-standing challenges for deep reinforcement learning algorithms. Here we introduce a modular approach to addressing these challenges in a continuous control environment, without using hand-crafted or supervised information. Our Curious Object-Based seaRch Agent (COBRA) uses task-free intrinsically motivated exploration and unsupervised learning to build object-based models of its environment and action space. Subsequently, it can learn a variety of tasks through model-based search in very few steps and excel on structured hold-out tests of policy robustness. 

005__ A Note on Reasoning on $\textit{DL-Lite}_{\cal R}$ with Defeasibility__arXiv:1905.09221
Author: Loris Bozzato
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09221
 Abstract: Representation of defeasible information is of interest in description logics, as it is related to the need of accommodating exceptional instances in knowledge bases. In this direction, in our previous works we presented a datalog translation for reasoning on (contextualized) OWL RL knowledge bases with a notion of justified exceptions on defeasible axioms. While it covers a relevant fragment of OWL, the resulting reasoning process needs a complex encoding in order to capture reasoning on negative information. In this paper, we consider the case of knowledge bases in $\textit{DL-Lite}_{\cal R}$, i.e. the language underlying OWL QL. We provide a definition for $\textit{DL-Lite}_{\cal R}$ knowledge bases with defeasible axioms and study their properties. The limited form of $\textit{DL-Lite}_{\cal R}$ axioms allows us to formulate a simpler encoding into datalog (under answer set semantics) with direct rules for reasoning on negative information. The resulting materialization method gives rise to a complete reasoning procedure for instance checking in $\textit{DL-Lite}_{\cal R}$ with defeasible axioms. 

006__ Learning Robust Options by Conditional Value at Risk Optimization__arXiv:1905.09191
Author: Takuya Hiraoka
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09191
 Abstract: Options are generally learned by using an inaccurate environment model (or simulator), which contains uncertain model parameters. While there are several methods to learn options that are robust against the uncertainty of model parameters, these methods only consider either the worst case or the average (ordinary) case for learning options. This limited consideration of the cases often produces options that do not work well in the unconsidered case. In this paper, we propose a conditional value at risk (CVaR)-based method to learn options that work well in both the average and worst cases. We extend the CVaR-based policy gradient method proposed by Chow and Ghavamzadeh (2014) to deal with robust Markov decision processes and then apply the extended method to learning robust options. We conduct experiments to evaluate our method in multi-joint robot control tasks (HopperIceBlock, Half-Cheetah, and Walker2D). Experimental results show that our method produces options that 1) give better worst-case performance than the options learned only to minimize the average-case loss, and 2) give better average-case performance than the options learned only to minimize the worst-case loss. 

007__ A framework for the extraction of Deep Neural Networks by leveraging  public data__arXiv:1905.09165
Author: Soham Pal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09165
 Abstract: Machine learning models trained on confidential datasets are increasingly being deployed for profit. Machine Learning as a Service (MLaaS) has made such models easily accessible to end-users. Prior work has developed model extraction attacks, in which an adversary extracts an approximation of MLaaS models by making black-box queries to it. However, none of these works is able to satisfy all the three essential criteria for practical model extraction: (1) the ability to work on deep learning models, (2) the non-requirement of domain knowledge and (3) the ability to work with a limited query budget. We design a model extraction framework that makes use of active learning and large public datasets to satisfy them. We demonstrate that it is possible to use this framework to steal deep classifiers trained on a variety of datasets from image and text domains. By querying a model via black-box access for its top prediction, our framework improves performance on an average over a uniform noise baseline by 4.70x for image tasks and 2.11x for text tasks respectively, while using only 30% (30,000 samples) of the public dataset at its disposal. 

008__ Simplified Neural Unsupervised Domain Adaptation__arXiv:1905.09153
Author: Timothy A Miller
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09153
 Abstract: Unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) is the task of modifying a statistical model trained on labeled data from a source domain to achieve better performance on data from a target domain, with access to only unlabeled data in the target domain. Existing state-of-the-art UDA approaches use neural networks to learn representations that can predict the values of subset of important features called "pivot features." In this work, we show that it is possible to improve on these methods by jointly training the representation learner with the task learner, and examine the importance of existing pivot selection methods. 

009__ What Would You Expect? Anticipating Egocentric Actions with  Rolling-Unrolling LSTMs and Modality Attention__arXiv:1905.09035
Author: Antonino Furnari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09035
 Abstract: Egocentric action anticipation consists in understanding which objects the camera wearer will interact with in the near future and which actions they will perform. We tackle the problem proposing an architecture able to anticipate actions at multiple temporal scales using two LSTMs to 1) summarize the past, and 2) formulate predictions about the future. The input video is processed considering three complimentary modalities: appearance (RGB), motion (optical flow) and objects (object-based features). Modality-specific predictions are fused using a novel Modality ATTention (MATT) mechanism which learns to weigh modalities in an adaptive fashion. Extensive evaluations on two large-scale benchmark datasets show that our method outperforms prior art by up to +7% on the challenging EPIC-KITCHENS dataset including more than 2500 actions, and generalizes to EGTEA Gaze+. Our approach is also shown to generalize to the tasks of early action recognition and action recognition. At the moment of submission, our method is ranked first in the leaderboard of the EPIC-KITCHENS egocentric action anticipation challenge. 

010__ Spatial Sampling Network for Fast Scene Understanding__arXiv:1905.09033
Author: Davide Mazzini
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09033
 Abstract: We propose a network architecture to perform efficient scene understanding. This work presents three main novelties: the first is an Improved Guided Upsampling Module that can replace in toto the decoder part in common semantic segmentation networks. Our second contribution is the introduction of a new module based on spatial sampling to perform Instance Segmentation. It provides a very fast instance segmentation, needing only thresholding as post-processing step at inference time. Finally, we propose a novel efficient network design that includes the new modules and test it against different datasets for outdoor scene understanding. To our knowledge, our network is one of the themost efficient architectures for scene understanding published to date, furthermore being 8.6% more accurate than the fastest competitor on semantic segmentation and almost five times faster than the most efficient network for instance segmentation. 

011__ Domain Adaptation for Vehicle Detection from Bird's Eye View LiDAR Point  Cloud Data__arXiv:1905.08955
Author: Khaled Saleh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08955
 Abstract: Point cloud data from 3D LiDAR sensors are one of the most crucial sensor modalities for versatile safety-critical applications such as self-driving vehicles. Since the annotations of point cloud data is an expensive and time-consuming process, therefore recently the utilisation of simulated environments and 3D LiDAR sensors for this task started to get some popularity. With simulated sensors and environments, the process for obtaining an annotated synthetic point cloud data became much easier. However, the generated synthetic point cloud data are still missing the artefacts usually exist in point cloud data from real 3D LiDAR sensors. As a result, the performance of the trained models on this data for perception tasks when tested on real point cloud data is degraded due to the domain shift between simulated and real environments. Thus, in this work, we are proposing a domain adaptation framework for bridging this gap between synthetic and real point cloud data. Our proposed framework is based on the deep cycle-consistent generative adversarial networks (CycleGAN) architecture. We have evaluated the performance of our proposed framework on the task of vehicle detection from a bird's eye view (BEV) point cloud images coming from real 3D LiDAR sensors. The framework has shown competitive results with an improvement of more than 7% in average precision score over other baseline approaches when tested on real BEV point cloud images. 

012__ An Empirical  Study__arXiv:1905.08941
Author: Hongyu Guo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08941
 Abstract: Mixup, a recent proposed data augmentation method through linearly interpolating inputs and modeling targets of random samples, has demonstrated its capability of significantly improving the predictive accuracy of the state-of-the-art networks for image classification. However, how this technique can be applied to and what is its effectiveness on natural language processing (NLP) tasks have not been investigated. In this paper, we propose two strategies for the adaption of Mixup on sentence classification: one performs interpolation on word embeddings and another on sentence embeddings. We conduct experiments to evaluate our methods using several benchmark datasets. Our studies show that such interpolation strategies serve as an effective, domain independent data augmentation approach for sentence classification, and can result in significant accuracy improvement for both CNN and LSTM models. 

013__ Can a Humanoid Robot be part of Organizational Work Force? A User Study  leveraging on Sentiment Analysis__arXiv:1905.08937
Author: Nidhi Mishra
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08937
 Abstract: Hiring robots for the workplaces is a challenging task as robots have to cater to customer demands, follow organizational protocols and behave with social etiquette. In this study, we propose to have a humanoid social robot, Nadine, as a customer service agent in an open social work environment. The objective of this study is to analyze the effects of humanoid robots on customers at work environment, and see if it can handle social scenarios. We propose to evaluate these objectives through two modes, namely, survey questionnaire and customer feedback. We also propose a novel approach to analyze customer feedback data (text) using sentic computing methods. Specifically, we employ aspect extraction and sentiment analysis to analyze the data. From our framework, we detect sentiment associated to the aspects that mainly concerned the customers during their interaction. This allows us to understand customers expectations and current limitations of robots as employees. 

014__ Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning for Quadruped Locomotion__arXiv:1905.08926
Author: Deepali Jain
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08926
 Abstract: Legged locomotion is a challenging task for learning algorithms, especially when the task requires a diverse set of primitive behaviors. To solve these problems, we introduce a hierarchical framework to automatically decompose complex locomotion tasks. A high-level policy issues commands in a latent space and also selects for how long the low-level policy will execute the latent command. Concurrently, the low-level policy uses the latent command and only the robot's on-board sensors to control the robot's actuators. Our approach allows the high-level policy to run at a lower frequency than the low-level one. We test our framework on a path-following task for a dynamic quadruped robot and we show that steering behaviors automatically emerge in the latent command space as low-level skills are needed for this task. We then show efficient adaptation of the trained policy to a different task by transfer of the trained low-level policy. Finally, we validate the policies on a real quadruped robot. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first application of end-to-end hierarchical learning to a real robotic locomotion task. 

015__ Joint Object and State Recognition using Language Knowledge__arXiv:1905.08843
Author: Ahmad Babaeian Jelodar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08843
 Abstract: The state of an object is an important piece of knowledge in robotics applications. States and objects are intertwined together, meaning that object information can help recognize the state of an image and vice versa. This paper addresses the state identification problem in cooking related images and uses state and object predictions together to improve the classification accuracy of objects and their states from a single image. The pipeline presented in this paper includes a CNN with a double classification layer and the Concept-Net language knowledge graph on top. The language knowledge creates a semantic likelihood between objects and states. The resulting object and state confidences from the deep architecture are used together with object and state relatedness estimates from a language knowledge graph to produce marginal probabilities for objects and states. The marginal probabilities and confidences of objects (or states) are fused together to improve the final object (or state) classification results. Experiments on a dataset of cooking objects show that using a language knowledge graph on top of a deep neural network effectively enhances object and state classification. 

016__ Properties and Extensions of Alternating Path Relevance - I__arXiv:1905.08842
Author: David A. Plaisted
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08842
 Abstract: When proving theorems from large sets of logical assertions, it can be helpful to restrict the search for a proof to those assertions that are relevant, that is, closely related to the theorem in some sense. For example, in the Watson system, a large knowledge base must rapidly be searched for relevant facts. It is possible to define formal concepts of relevance for propositional and first-order logic. Various concepts of relevance have been defined for this, and some have yielded good results on large problems. We consider here in particular a concept based on alternating paths.We present efficient graph-based methods for computing alternating path relevance and give some results indicating its effectiveness. We also propose an alternating path based extension of this relevance method to DPLL with an improved time bound, and give other extensions to alternating path relevance intended to improve its performance. 

017__ Revisiting hard thresholding for DNN pruning__arXiv:1905.08793
Author: Konstantinos Pitas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.08793
 Abstract: The most common method for DNN pruning is hard thresholding of network weights, followed by retraining to recover any lost accuracy. Recently developed smart pruning algorithms use the DNN response over the training set for a variety of cost functions to determine redundant network weights, leading to less accuracy degradation and possibly less retraining time. For experiments on the total pruning time (pruning time + retraining time) we show that hard thresholding followed by retraining remains the most efficient way of reducing the number of network parameters. However smart pruning algorithms still have advantages when retraining is not possible. In this context we propose a novel smart pruning algorithm based on difference of convex functions optimisation and show that it is often orders of magnitude faster than competing approaches while achieving the lowest classification accuracy degradation. Furthermore we investigate theoretically the effect of hard thresholding on DNN accuracy. We show that accuracy degradation increases with remaining network depth from the pruned layer. We also discover a link between the latent dimensionality of the training data manifold and network robustness to hard thresholding. 