------------------------------
Mon, Jun 10  2019
------------------------------
24 new papers today.

001__ Representing and Using Knowledge with the Contextual Evaluation Model__arXiv:1906.03253
Author: Victor E Hansen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03253
 Abstract: This paper introduces the Contextual Evaluation Model (CEM), a novel method for knowledge representation and manipulation. The CEM differs from existing models in that it integrates facts, patterns and sequences into a single contextual framework. V5, an implementation of the model is presented and demonstrated with multiple annotated examples. The paper includes simulations demonstrating how the model reacts to pleasure/pain stimuli. The 'thought' is defined within the model and examples are given converting thoughts to language, converting language to thoughts and how 'meaning' arises from thoughts. A pattern learning algorithm is described. The algorithm is applied to multiple problems ranging from recognizing a voice to the autonomous learning of a simplified natural language. 

002__ Linear-Memory Heuristic Search With Node Expansion  Guarantees__arXiv:1906.03242
Author: Laurent Orseau
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03242
 Abstract: We introduce and analyze two parameter-free linear-memory tree search algorithms. Under mild assumptions we prove our algorithms are guaranteed to perform only a logarithmic factor more node expansions than A* when the search space is a tree. Previously, the best guarantee for a linear-memory algorithm under similar assumptions was achieved by IDA*, which in the worst case expands quadratically more nodes than in its last iteration. Empirical results support the theory and demonstrate the practicality and robustness of our algorithms. Furthermore, they are fast and easy to implement. 

003__ An Efficient Two-Phase Algorithm Using Core-Guided  Over-Approximate Cover for Prime Compilation of Non-Clausal Formulae__arXiv:1906.03085
Author: Weilin Luo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03085
 Abstract: Prime compilation, i.e., the generation of all prime implicates or implicants (primes for short) of formulae, is a prominent fundamental issue for AI. Recently, the prime compilation for non-clausal formulae has received great attention. The state-of-the-art approaches generate all primes along with a prime cover constructed by prime implicates using dual rail encoding. However, the dual rail encoding potentially expands search space. In addition, constructing a prime cover, which is necessary for their methods, is time-consuming. To address these issues, we propose a novel two-phase method -- CoAPI. The two phases are the key to construct a cover without using dual rail encoding. Specifically, given a non-clausal formula, we first propose a core-guided method to rewrite the non-clausal formula into a cover constructed by over-approximate implicates in the first phase. Then, we generate all the primes based on the cover in the second phase. In order to reduce the size of the cover, we provide a multi-order based shrinking method, with a good tradeoff between the small size and efficiency, to compress the size of cover considerably. The experimental results show that CoAPI outperforms state-of-the-art approaches. Particularly, for generating all prime implicates, CoAPI consumes about one order of magnitude less time. 

004__ Exponential-Binary State-Space Search__arXiv:1906.02912
Author: Nathan Sturtevant
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02912
 Abstract: Iterative deepening search is used in applications where the best cost bound for state-space search is unknown. The iterative deepening process is used to avoid overshooting the appropriate cost bound and doing too much work as a result. However, iterative deepening search also does too much work if the cost bound grows too slowly. This paper proposes a new framework for iterative deepening search called exponential-binary state-space search. The approach interleaves exponential and binary searches to find the desired cost bound, reducing the worst-case overhead from polynomial to logarithmic. Exponential-binary search can be used with bounded depth-first search to improve the worst-case performance of IDA* and with breadth-first heuristic search to improve the worst-case performance of search with inconsistent heuristics. 

005__ A New Method to Smooth the Landscape of  the Traveling Salesman Problem__arXiv:1906.03223
Author: Jialong Shi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03223
 Abstract: This paper proposes a novel landscape smoothing method for the symmetric Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP). We first define the homotopic convex (HC) transformation of a TSP as a convex combination of a well-constructed simple TSP and the original TSP. We observe that controlled by the coefficient of the convex combination, (i) the landscape of the HC transformed TSP is smoothed in terms that its number of local optima is reduced compared to the original TSP; (ii) the fitness distance correlation of the HC transformed TSP is increased. We then propose an iterative algorithmic framework in which the proposed HC transformation is combined with a heuristic TSP solver. It works as an escaping scheme from local optima for improving the global search ability of the combined heuristic. A case study with the 3-Opt local search as the heuristic solver shows that the resultant algorithm significantly outperforms iterated local search and two other smoothing-based TSP heuristic solvers on most of commonly-used test instances. 

006__ Ego-Pose Estimation and Forecasting as Real-Time PD Control__arXiv:1906.03173
Author: Ye Yuan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03173
 Abstract: We propose the use of a proportional-derivative (PD) control based policy learned via reinforcement learning (RL) to estimate and forecast 3D human pose from egocentric videos. The method learns directly from unsegmented egocentric videos and motion capture data consisting of various complex human motions (e.g., crouching, hopping, bending, and motion transitions). We propose a video-conditioned recurrent control technique to forecast physically-valid and stable future motions of arbitrary length. We also introduce a value function based fail-safe mechanism which enables our method to run as a single pass algorithm over the video data. Experiments with both controlled and in-the-wild data show that our approach outperforms previous art in both quantitative metrics and visual quality of the motions, and is also robust enough to transfer directly to real-world scenarios. Additionally, our time analysis shows that the combined use of our pose estimation and forecasting can run at 30 FPS, making it suitable for real-time applications. 

007__ Distributional Similarity for Relation Learning__arXiv:1906.03158
Author: Livio Baldini Soares
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03158
 Abstract: General purpose relation extractors, which can model arbitrary relations, are a core aspiration in information extraction. Efforts have been made to build general purpose extractors that represent relations with their surface forms, or which jointly embed surface forms with relations from an existing knowledge graph. However, both of these approaches are limited in their ability to generalize. In this paper, we build on extensions of Harris' distributional hypothesis to relations, as well as recent advances in learning text representations (specifically, BERT), to build task agnostic relation representations solely from entity-linked text. We show that these representations significantly outperform previous work on exemplar based relation extraction (FewRel) even without using any of that task's training data. We also show that models initialized with our task agnostic representations, and then tuned on supervised relation extraction datasets, significantly outperform the previous methods on SemEval 2010 Task 8, KBP37, and TACRED. 

008__ Word-based Domain Adaptation for Neural Machine Translation__arXiv:1906.03129
Author: Shen Yan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03129
 Abstract: In this paper, we empirically investigate applying word-level weights to adapt neural machine translation to e-commerce domains, where small e-commerce datasets and large out-of-domain datasets are available. In order to mine in-domain like words in the out-of-domain datasets, we compute word weights by using a domain-specific and a non-domain-specific language model followed by smoothing and binary quantization. The baseline model is trained on mixed in-domain and out-of-domain datasets. Experimental results on English to Chinese e-commerce domain translation show that compared to continuing training without word weights, it improves MT quality by up to 2.11% BLEU absolute and 1.59% TER. We have also trained models using fine-tuning on the in-domain data. Pre-training a model with word weights improves fine-tuning up to 1.24% BLEU absolute and 1.64% TER, respectively. 

009__ Shared-Private Bilingual Word Embeddings for Neural Machine Translation__arXiv:1906.03100
Author: Xuebo Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03100
 Abstract: Word embedding is central to neural machine translation (NMT), which has attracted intensive research interest in recent years. In NMT, the source embedding plays the role of the entrance while the target embedding acts as the terminal. These layers occupy most of the model parameters for representation learning. Furthermore, they indirectly interface via a soft-attention mechanism, which makes them comparatively isolated. In this paper, we propose shared-private bilingual word embeddings, which give a closer relationship between the source and target embeddings, and which also reduce the number of model parameters. For similar source and target words, their embeddings tend to share a part of the features and they cooperatively learn these common representation units. Experiments on 5 language pairs belonging to 6 different language families and written in 5 different alphabets demonstrate that the proposed model provides a significant performance boost over the strong baselines with dramatically fewer model parameters. 

010__ A Deep Reinforcement  Learning Approach__arXiv:1906.03098
Author: Ognjen Rudovic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03098
 Abstract: Human behavior expression and experience are inherently multi-modal, and characterized by vast individual and contextual heterogeneity. To achieve meaningful human-computer and human-robot interactions, multi-modal models of the users states (e.g., engagement) are therefore needed. Most of the existing works that try to build classifiers for the users states assume that the data to train the models are fully labeled. Nevertheless, data labeling is costly and tedious, and also prone to subjective interpretations by the human coders. This is even more pronounced when the data are multi-modal (e.g., some users are more expressive with their facial expressions, some with their voice). Thus, building models that can accurately estimate the users states during an interaction is challenging. To tackle this, we propose a novel multi-modal active learning (AL) approach that uses the notion of deep reinforcement learning (RL) to find an optimal policy for active selection of the users data, needed to train the target (modality-specific) models. We investigate different strategies for multi-modal data fusion, and show that the proposed model-level fusion coupled with RL outperforms the feature-level and modality-specific models, and the naive AL strategies such as random sampling, and the standard heuristics such as uncertainty sampling. We show the benefits of this approach on the task of engagement estimation from real-world child-robot interactions during an autism therapy. Importantly, we show that the proposed multi-modal AL approach can be used to efficiently personalize the engagement classifiers to the target user using a small amount of actively selected users data. 

011__ Modeling e-Learners' Cognitive and Metacognitive Strategy in Comparative  Question Solving__arXiv:1906.03074
Author: Feng Tian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03074
 Abstract: Cognitive and metacognitive strategy had demonstrated a significant role in self-regulated learning (SRL), and an appropriate use of strategies is beneficial to effective learning or question-solving tasks during a human-computer interaction process. This paper proposes a novel method combining Knowledge Map (KM) based data mining technique with Thinking Map (TM) to detect learner's cognitive and metacognitive strategy in the question-solving scenario. In particular, a graph-based mining algorithm is designed to facilitate our proposed method, which can automatically map cognitive strategy to metacognitive strategy with raising abstraction level, and make the cognitive and metacognitive process viewable, which acts like a reverse engineering engine to explain how a learner thinks when solving a question. Additionally, we develop an online learning environment system for participants to learn and record their behaviors. To corroborate the effectiveness of our approach and algorithm, we conduct experiments recruiting 173 postgraduate and undergraduate students, and they were asked to complete a question-solving task, such as "What are similarities and differences between array and pointer?" from "The C Programming Language" course and "What are similarities and differences between packet switching and circuit switching?" from "Computer Network Principle" course. The mined strategies patterns results are encouraging and supported well our proposed method. 

012__ Fiber Bundle Parcellation with Graph Convolution Neural  Networks__arXiv:1906.03051
Author: Feihong Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03051
 Abstract: Parcellation of whole-brain tractography streamlines is an important step for tract-based analysis of brain white matter microstructure. Existing fiber parcellation approaches rely on accurate registration between an atlas and the tractograms of an individual, however, due to large individual differences, accurate registration is hard to guarantee in practice. To resolve this issue, we propose a novel deep learning method, called DeepBundle, for registration-free fiber parcellation. Our method utilizes graph convolution neural networks (GCNNs) to predict the parcellation label of each fiber tract. GCNNs are capable of extracting the geometric features of each fiber tract and harnessing the resulting features for accurate fiber parcellation and ultimately avoiding the use of atlases and any registration method. We evaluate DeepBundle using data from the Human Connectome Project. Experimental results demonstrate the advantages of DeepBundle and suggest that the geometric features extracted from each fiber tract can be used to effectively parcellate the fiber tracts. 

013__ Smartphone-enabled Human Cooperation via Multi-Agent  Reinforcement Learning for Disaster Situational Awareness__arXiv:1906.03037
Author: Vidyasagar Sadhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03037
 Abstract: Argus exploits a Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) framework to create a 3D mapping of the disaster scene using agents present around the incident zone to facilitate the rescue operations. The agents can be both human bystanders at the disaster scene as well as drones or robots that can assist the humans. The agents are involved in capturing the images of the scene using their smartphones (or on-board cameras in case of drones) as directed by the MARL algorithm. These images are used to build real time a 3D map of the disaster scene. Via both simulations and real experiments, an evaluation of the framework in terms of effectiveness in tracking random dynamicity of the environment is presented. 

014__ Active inference body perception and action for humanoid robots__arXiv:1906.03022
Author: Guillermo Oliver
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.03022
 Abstract: One of the biggest challenges in robotics systems is interacting under uncertainty. Unlike robots, humans learn, adapt and perceive their body as a unity when interacting with the world. We hypothesize that the nervous system counteracts sensor and motor uncertainties by unconscious processes that robustly fuse the available information for approximating their body and the world state. Being able to unite perception and action under a common principle has been sought for decades and active inference is one of the potential unification theories. In this work, we present a humanoid robot interacting with the world by means of a human brain-like inspired perception and control algorithm based on the free-energy principle. Until now, active inference was only tested in simulated examples. Their application on a real robot shows the advantages of such an algorithm for real world applications. The humanoid robot iCub was capable of performing robust reaching behaviors with both arms and active head object tracking in the visual field, despite the visual noise, the artificially introduced noise in the joint encoders (up to 40 degrees deviation), the differences between the model and the real robot and the misdetections of the hand. 

015__ Multi-hop Reading Comprehension through Question Decomposition and  Rescoring__arXiv:1906.02916
Author: Sewon Min
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02916
 Abstract: Multi-hop Reading Comprehension (RC) requires reasoning and aggregation across several paragraphs. We propose a system for multi-hop RC that decomposes a compositional question into simpler sub-questions that can be answered by off-the-shelf single-hop RC models. Since annotations for such decomposition are expensive, we recast sub-question generation as a span prediction problem and show that our method, trained using only 400 labeled examples, generates sub-questions that are as effective as human-authored sub-questions. We also introduce a new global rescoring approach that considers each decomposition (i.e. the sub-questions and their answers) to select the best final answer, greatly improving overall performance. Our experiments on HotpotQA show that this approach achieves the state-of-the-art results, while providing explainable evidence for its decision making in the form of sub-questions. 

016__ Compositional Questions Do Not Necessitate Multi-hop Reasoning__arXiv:1906.02900
Author: Sewon Min
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02900
 Abstract: Multi-hop reading comprehension (RC) questions are challenging because they require reading and reasoning over multiple paragraphs. We argue that it can be difficult to construct large multi-hop RC datasets. For example, even highly compositional questions can be answered with a single hop if they target specific entity types, or the facts needed to answer them are redundant. Our analysis is centered on HotpotQA, where we show that single-hop reasoning can solve much more of the dataset than previously thought. We introduce a single-hop BERT-based RC model that achieves 67 F1---comparable to state-of-the-art multi-hop models. We also design an evaluation setting where humans are not shown all of the necessary paragraphs for the intended multi-hop reasoning but can still answer over 80% of questions. Together with detailed error analysis, these results suggest there should be an increasing focus on the role of evidence in multi-hop reasoning and possibly even a shift towards information retrieval style evaluations with large and diverse evidence collections. 

017__ Worst-Case Regret Bounds for Exploration via Randomized Value Functions__arXiv:1906.02870
Author: Daniel Russo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02870
 Abstract: This paper studies a recent proposal to use randomized value functions to drive exploration in reinforcement learning. These randomized value functions are generated by injecting random noise into the training data, making the approach compatible with many popular methods for estimating parameterized value functions. By providing a worst-case regret bound for tabular finite-horizon Markov decision processes, we show that planning with respect to these randomized value functions can induce provably efficient exploration. 

018__ Risky Action Recognition in Lane Change Video Clips using Deep  Spatiotemporal Networks with Segmentation Mask Transfer__arXiv:1906.02859
Author: Ekim Yurtsever
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02859
 Abstract: Advanced driver assistance and automated driving systems rely on risk estimation modules to predict and avoid dangerous situations. Current methods use expensive sensor setups and complex processing pipeline, limiting their availability and robustness. To address these issues, we introduce a novel deep learning based action recognition framework for classifying dangerous lane change behavior in short video clips captured by a monocular camera. We designed a deep spatiotemporal classification network that uses pre-trained state-of-the-art instance segmentation network Mask R-CNN as its spatial feature extractor for this task. The Long-Short Term Memory (LSTM) and shallower final classification layers of the proposed method were trained on a semi-naturalistic lane change dataset with annotated risk labels. A comprehensive comparison of state-of-the-art feature extractors was carried out to find the best network layout and training strategy. The best result, with a 0.937 AUC score, was obtained with the proposed network. Our code and trained models are available open-source. 

019__ Does Generative Face Completion Help Face Recognition?__arXiv:1906.02858
Author: Joe Mathai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02858
 Abstract: Face occlusions, covering either the majority or discriminative parts of the face, can break facial perception and produce a drastic loss of information. Biometric systems such as recent deep face recognition models are not immune to obstructions or other objects covering parts of the face. While most of the current face recognition methods are not optimized to handle occlusions, there have been a few attempts to improve robustness directly in the training stage. Unlike those, we propose to study the effect of generative face completion on the recognition. We offer a face completion encoder-decoder, based on a convolutional operator with a gating mechanism, trained with an ample set of face occlusions. To systematically evaluate the impact of realistic occlusions on recognition, we propose to play the occlusion game: we render 3D objects onto different face parts, providing precious knowledge of what the impact is of effectively removing those occlusions. Extensive experiments on the Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW), and its more difficult variant LFW-BLUFR, testify that face completion is able to partially restore face perception in machine vision systems for improved recognition. 

020__ Learning Set Representations with Featurewise Sort Pooling__arXiv:1906.02795
Author: Yan Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02795
 Abstract: We introduce a pooling method for sets of feature vectors based on sorting features across elements of the set. This allows a deep neural network for sets to learn more flexible representations. We also demonstrate how FSPool can be used to construct a permutation-equivariant auto-encoder. On a toy dataset of polygons and a set version of MNIST, we show that such an auto-encoder produces considerably better reconstructions. Used in set classification, FSPool significantly improves accuracy and convergence speed on the set versions of MNIST and CLEVR. 

021__ A novel approach to model exploration for value function learning__arXiv:1906.02789
Author: Zlatan Ajanovic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02789
 Abstract: Planning and Learning are complementary approaches. Planning relies on deliberative reasoning about the current state and sequence of future reachable states to solve the problem. Learning, on the other hand, is focused on improving system performance based on experience or available data. Learning to improve the performance of planning based on experience in similar, previously solved problems, is ongoing research. One approach is to learn Value function (cost-to-go) which can be used as heuristics for speeding up search-based planning. Existing approaches in this direction use the results of the previous search for learning the heuristics. In this work, we present a search-inspired approach of systematic model exploration for the learning of the value function which does not stop when a plan is available but rather prolongs search such that not only resulting optimal path is used but also extended region around the optimal path. This, in turn, improves both the efficiency and robustness of successive planning. Additionally, the effect of losing admissibility by using ML heuristic is managed by bounding ML with other admissible heuristics. 

022__ Fair Division Without Disparate Impact__arXiv:1906.02775
Author: Alexander Peysakhovich
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02775
 Abstract: We consider the problem of dividing items between individuals in a way that is fair both in the sense of distributional fairness and in the sense of not having disparate impact across protected classes. An important existing mechanism for distributionally fair division is competitive equilibrium from equal incomes (CEEI). Unfortunately, CEEI will not, in general, respect disparate impact constraints. We consider two types of disparate impact measures: requiring that allocations be similar across protected classes and requiring that average utility levels be similar across protected classes. We modify the standard CEEI algorithm in two ways: equitable equilibrium from equal incomes, which removes disparate impact in allocations, and competitive equilibrium from equitable incomes which removes disparate impact in attained utility levels. We show analytically that removing disparate impact in outcomes breaks several of CEEI's desirable properties such as envy, regret, Pareto optimality, and incentive compatibility. By contrast, we can remove disparate impact in attained utility levels without affecting these properties. Finally, we experimentally evaluate the tradeoffs between efficiency, equity, and disparate impact in a recommender-system based market. 

023__ Improving Exploration in Soft-Actor-Critic with Normalizing Flows  Policies__arXiv:1906.02771
Author: Patrick Nadeem Ward
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02771
 Abstract: Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) algorithms for continuous action spaces are known to be brittle toward hyperparameters as well as \cut{being}sample inefficient. Soft Actor Critic (SAC) proposes an off-policy deep actor critic algorithm within the maximum entropy RL framework which offers greater stability and empirical gains. The choice of policy distribution, a factored Gaussian, is motivated by \cut{chosen due}its easy re-parametrization rather than its modeling power. We introduce Normalizing Flow policies within the SAC framework that learn more expressive classes of policies than simple factored Gaussians. \cut{We also present a series of stabilization tricks that enable effective training of these policies in the RL setting.}We show empirically on continuous grid world tasks that our approach increases stability and is better suited to difficult exploration in sparse reward settings. 

024__ lottery tickets  in RL and NLP__arXiv:1906.02768
Author: Haonan Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02768
 Abstract: The lottery ticket hypothesis proposes that over-parameterization of deep neural networks (DNNs) aids training by increasing the probability of a "lucky" sub-network initialization being present rather than by helping the optimization process. This phenomenon is intriguing and suggests that initialization strategies for DNNs can be improved substantially, but the lottery ticket hypothesis has only previously been tested in the context of supervised learning for natural image tasks. Here, we evaluate whether "winning ticket" initializations exist in two different domains: reinforcement learning (RL) and in natural language processing (NLP). For RL, we analyzed a number of discrete-action space tasks, including both classic control and pixel control. For NLP, we examined both recurrent LSTM models and large-scale Transformer models. Consistent with work in supervised image classification, we confirm that winning ticket initializations generally outperform parameter-matched random initializations, even at extreme pruning rates. Together, these results suggest that the lottery ticket hypothesis is not restricted to supervised learning of natural images, but rather represents a broader phenomenon in DNNs. 