------------------------------
Wed, May 29  2019
------------------------------
24 new papers today.

001__ Artificial Consciousness and Security__arXiv:1905.11807
Author: Andrew Powell
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11807
 Abstract: This paper describes a possible way to improve computer security by implementing a program which implements the following three features related to a weak notion of artificial consciousness: (partial) self-monitoring, ability to compute the truth of quantifier-free propositions and the ability to communicate with the user. The integrity of the program could be enhanced by using a trusted computing approach, that is to say a hardware module that is at the root of a chain of trust. This paper outlines a possible approach but does not refer to an implementation (which would need further work), but the author believes that an implementation using current processors, a debugger, a monitoring program and a trusted processing module is currently possible. 

002__ Prediction of Construction Cost for Field Canals Improvement Projects in  Egypt__arXiv:1905.11804
Author: Haytham H. Elmousalami
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11804
 Abstract: Field canals improvement projects (FCIPs) are one of the ambitious projects constructed to save fresh water. To finance this project, Conceptual cost models are important to accurately predict preliminary costs at the early stages of the project. The first step is to develop a conceptual cost model to identify key cost drivers affecting the project. Therefore, input variables selection remains an important part of model development, as the poor variables selection can decrease model precision. The study discovered the most important drivers of FCIPs based on a qualitative approach and a quantitative approach. Subsequently, the study has developed a parametric cost model based on machine learning methods such as regression methods, artificial neural networks, fuzzy model and case-based reasoning. 

003__ Learning Triple Embeddings from Knowledge Graphs__arXiv:1905.11691
Author: Valeria Fionda
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11691
 Abstract: Graph embedding techniques allow to learn high-quality feature vectors from graph structures and are useful in a variety of tasks, from node classification to clustering. Existing approaches have only focused on learning feature vectors for the nodes in a (knowledge) graph. To the best of our knowledge, none of them has tackled the problem of embedding of graph edges, that is, knowledge graph triples. The approaches that are closer to this task have focused on homogeneous graphs involving only one type of edge and obtain edge embeddings by applying some operation (e.g., average) on the embeddings of the endpoint nodes. The goal of this paper is to introduce Triple2Vec, a new technique to directly embed edges in (knowledge) graphs. Trple2Vec builds upon three main ingredients. The first is the notion of line graph. The line graph of a graph is another graph representing the adjacency between edges of the original graph. In particular, the nodes of the line graph are the edges of the original graph. We show that directly applying existing embedding techniques on the nodes of the line graph to learn edge embeddings is not enough in the context of knowledge graphs. Thus, we introduce the notion of triple line graph. The second is an edge weighting mechanism both for line graphs derived from knowledge graphs and homogeneous graphs. The third is a strategy based on graph walks on the weighted triple line graph that can preserve proximity between nodes. Embeddings are finally generated by adopting the SkipGram model, where sentences are replaced with graph walks. We evaluate our approach on different real world (knowledge) graphs and compared it with related work. 

004__ Infusing domain knowledge in AI-based "black box" models for better  explainability with application in bankruptcy prediction__arXiv:1905.11474
Author: Sheikh Rabiul Islam
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11474
 Abstract: Although "black box" models such as Artificial Neural Networks, Support Vector Machines, and Ensemble Approaches continue to show superior performance in many disciplines, their adoption in the sensitive disciplines (e.g., finance, healthcare) is questionable due to the lack of interpretability and explainability of the model. In fact, future adoption of "black box" models is difficult because of the recent rule of "right of explanation" by the European Union where a user can ask for an explanation behind an algorithmic decision, and the newly proposed bill by the US government, the "Algorithmic Accountability Act", which would require companies to assess their machine learning systems for bias and discrimination and take corrective measures. Top Bankruptcy Prediction Models are A.I.-based and are in need of better explainability -the extent to which the internal working mechanisms of an AI system can be explained in human terms. Although explainable artificial intelligence is an emerging field of research, infusing domain knowledge for better explainability might be a possible solution. In this work, we demonstrate a way to collect and infuse domain knowledge into a "black box" model for bankruptcy prediction. Our understanding from the experiments reveals that infused domain knowledge makes the output from the black box model more interpretable and explainable. 

005__ Unsupervised Learning from Video with Deep Neural Embeddings__arXiv:1905.11954
Author: Chengxu Zhuang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11954
 Abstract: Because of the rich dynamical structure of videos and their ubiquity in everyday life, it is a natural idea that video data could serve as a powerful unsupervised learning signal for training visual representations in deep neural networks. However, instantiating this idea, especially at large scale, has remained a significant artificial intelligence challenge. Here we present the Video Instance Embedding (VIE) framework, which extends powerful recent unsupervised loss functions for learning deep nonlinear embeddings to multi-stream temporal processing architectures on large-scale video datasets. We show that VIE-trained networks substantially advance the state of the art in unsupervised learning from video datastreams, both for action recognition in the Kinetics dataset, and object recognition in the ImageNet dataset. We show that a hybrid model with both static and dynamic processing pathways is optimal for both transfer tasks, and provide analyses indicating how the pathways differ. Taken in context, our results suggest that deep neural embeddings are a promising approach to unsupervised visual learning across a wide variety of domains. 

006__ A Multi-headed Derenderer__arXiv:1905.11940
Author: Boyang Deng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11940
 Abstract: To generalize to novel visual scenes with new viewpoints and new object poses, a visual system needs representations of the shapes of the parts of an object that are invariant to changes in viewpoint or pose. 3D graphics representations disentangle visual factors such as viewpoints and lighting from object structure in a natural way. It is possible to learn to invert the process that converts 3D graphics representations into 2D images, provided the 3D graphics representations are available as labels. When only the unlabeled images are available, however, learning to derender is much harder. We consider a simple model which is just a set of free floating parts. Each part has its own relation to the camera and its own triangular mesh which can be deformed to model the shape of the part. At test time, a neural network looks at a single image and extracts the shapes of the parts and their relations to the camera. Each part can be viewed as one head of a multi-headed derenderer. During training, the extracted parts are used as input to a differentiable 3D renderer and the reconstruction error is backpropagated to train the neural net. We make the learning task easier by encouraging the deformations of the part meshes to be invariant to changes in viewpoint and invariant to the changes in the relative positions of the parts that occur when the pose of an articulated body changes. Cerberus, our multi-headed derenderer, outperforms previous methods for extracting 3D parts from single images without part annotations, and it does quite well at extracting natural parts of human figures. 

007__ On Dropout and Nuclear Norm Regularization__arXiv:1905.11887
Author: Poorya Mianjy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11887
 Abstract: We give a formal and complete characterization of the explicit regularizer induced by dropout in deep linear networks with squared loss. We show that (a) the explicit regularizer is composed of an $\ell_2$-path regularizer and other terms that are also re-scaling invariant, (b) the convex envelope of the induced regularizer is the squared nuclear norm of the network map, and (c) for a sufficiently large dropout rate, we characterize the global optima of the dropout objective. We validate our theoretical findings with empirical results. 

008__ Interactive Teaching Algorithms for Inverse Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.11867
Author: Parameswaran Kamalaruban
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11867
 Abstract: We study the problem of inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) with the added twist that the learner is assisted by a helpful teacher. More formally, we tackle the following algorithmic question: How could a teacher provide an informative sequence of demonstrations to an IRL learner to speed up the learning process? We present an interactive teaching framework where a teacher adaptively chooses the next demonstration based on learner's current policy. In particular, we design teaching algorithms for two concrete settings: an omniscient setting where a teacher has full knowledge about the learner's dynamics and a blackbox setting where the teacher has minimal knowledge. Then, we study a sequential variant of the popular MCE-IRL learner and prove convergence guarantees of our teaching algorithm in the omniscient setting. Extensive experiments with a car driving simulator environment show that the learning progress can be speeded up drastically as compared to an uninformative teacher. 

009__ A Parameterized Perspective on Protecting Elections__arXiv:1905.11838
Author: Palash Dey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11838
 Abstract: We study the parameterized complexity of the optimal defense and optimal attack problems in voting. In both the problems, the input is a set of voter groups (every voter group is a set of votes) and two integers $k_a$ and $k_d$ corresponding to respectively the number of voter groups the attacker can attack and the number of voter groups the defender can defend. A voter group gets removed from the election if it is attacked but not defended. In the optimal defense problem, we want to know if it is possible for the defender to commit to a strategy of defending at most $k_d$ voter groups such that, no matter which $k_a$ voter groups the attacker attacks, the outcome of the election does not change. In the optimal attack problem, we want to know if it is possible for the attacker to commit to a strategy of attacking $k_a$ voter groups such that, no matter which $k_d$ voter groups the defender defends, the outcome of the election is always different from the original (without any attack) one. 

010__ Interpreting and improving natural-language processing (in machines)  with natural language-processing (in the brain)__arXiv:1905.11833
Author: Mariya Toneva
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11833
 Abstract: Neural network models for NLP are typically implemented without the explicit encoding of language rules and yet they are able to break one performance record after another. Despite much work, it is still unclear what the representations learned by these networks correspond to. We propose here a novel approach for interpreting neural networks that relies on the only processing system we have that does understand language: the human brain. We use brain imaging recordings of subjects reading complex natural text to interpret word and sequence embeddings from 4 recent NLP models - ELMo, USE, BERT and Transformer-XL. We study how their representations differ across layer depth, context length, and attention type. Our results reveal differences in the context-related representations across these models. Further, in the transformer models, we find an interaction between layer depth and context length, and between layer depth and attention type. We finally use the insights from the attention experiments to alter BERT: we remove the learned attention at shallow layers, and show that this manipulation improves performance on a wide range of syntactic tasks. Cognitive neuroscientists have already begun using NLP networks to study the brain, and this work closes the loop to allow the interaction between NLP and cognitive neuroscience to be a true cross-pollination. error here, check on website.

012__ Accelerating Extreme Classification via Adaptive Feature Agglomeration__arXiv:1905.11769
Author: Ankit Jalan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11769
 Abstract: Extreme classification seeks to assign each data point, the most relevant labels from a universe of a million or more labels. This task is faced with the dual challenge of high precision and scalability, with millisecond level prediction times being a benchmark. We propose DEFRAG, an adaptive feature agglomeration technique to accelerate extreme classification algorithms. Despite past works on feature clustering and selection, DEFRAG distinguishes itself in being able to scale to millions of features, and is especially beneficial when feature sets are sparse, which is typical of recommendation and multi-label datasets. The method comes with provable performance guarantees and performs efficient task-driven agglomeration to reduce feature dimensionalities by an order of magnitude or more. Experiments show that DEFRAG can not only reduce training and prediction times of several leading extreme classification algorithms by as much as 40%, but also be used for feature reconstruction to address the problem of missing features, as well as offer superior coverage on rare labels. 

013__ Learning Efficient Non-local Relations for Visual Recognition__arXiv:1905.11634
Author: Songyang Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11634
 Abstract: Capturing long-range dependencies in feature representations is crucial for many visual recognition tasks. Despite recent successes of deep convolutional networks, it remains challenging to model non-local context relations between visual features. A promising strategy is to model the feature context by a fully-connected graph neural network (GNN), which augments traditional convolutional features with an estimated non-local context representation. However, most GNN-based approaches require computing a dense graph affinity matrix and hence have difficulty in scaling up to tackle complex real-world visual problems. In this work, we propose an efficient and yet flexible non-local relation representation based on a novel class of graph neural networks. Our key idea is to introduce a latent space to reduce the complexity of graph, which allows us to use a low-rank representation for the graph affinity matrix and to achieve a linear complexity in computation. Extensive experimental evaluations on three major visual recognition tasks show that our method outperforms the prior works with a large margin while maintaining a low computation cost. 

014__ An Invertible Flow Model for Generating Molecular Graphs__arXiv:1905.11600
Author: Kaushalya Madhawa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11600
 Abstract: We propose GraphNVP, the first invertible, normalizing flow-based molecular graph generation model. We decompose the generation of a graph into two steps: generation of (i) an adjacency tensor and (ii) node attributes. This decomposition yields the exact likelihood maximization on graph-structured data, combined with two novel reversible flows. We empirically demonstrate that our model efficiently generates valid molecular graphs with almost no duplicated molecules. In addition, we observe that the learned latent space can be used to generate molecules with desired chemical properties. 

015__ Efficient Wrapper Feature Selection using Autoencoder and Model Based  Elimination__arXiv:1905.11592
Author: Sharan Ramjee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11592
 Abstract: We propose a computationally efficient wrapper feature selection method - called Autoencoder and Model Based Elimination of features using Relevance and Redundancy scores (AMBER) - that uses a single ranker model along with autoencoders to perform greedy backward elimination of features. The ranker model is used to prioritize the removal of features that are not critical to the classification task, while the autoencoders are used to prioritize the elimination of correlated features. We demonstrate the superior feature selection ability of AMBER on 4 well known datasets corresponding to different domain applications via comparing the classification accuracies with other computationally efficient state-of-the-art feature selection techniques. Interestingly, we find that the ranker model that is used for feature selection does not necessarily have to be the same as the final classifier that is trained on the selected features. Finally, we note how a smaller number of features can lead to higher accuracies on some datasets, and hypothesize that overfitting the ranker model on the training set facilitates the selection of more salient features. 

016__ Local Label Propagation for Large-Scale Semi-Supervised Learning__arXiv:1905.11581
Author: Chengxu Zhuang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11581
 Abstract: A significant issue in training deep neural networks to solve supervised learning tasks is the need for large numbers of labelled datapoints. The goal of semi-supervised learning is to leverage ubiquitous unlabelled data, together with small quantities of labelled data, to achieve high task performance. Though substantial recent progress has been made in developing semi-supervised algorithms that are effective for comparatively small datasets, many of these techniques do not scale readily to the large (unlaballed) datasets characteristic of real-world applications. In this paper we introduce a novel approach to scalable semi-supervised learning, called Local Label Propagation (LLP). Extending ideas from recent work on unsupervised embedding learning, LLP first embeds datapoints, labelled and otherwise, in a common latent space using a deep neural network. It then propagates pseudolabels from known to unknown datapoints in a manner that depends on the local geometry of the embedding, taking into account both inter-point distance and local data density as a weighting on propagation likelihood. The parameters of the deep embedding are then trained to simultaneously maximize pseudolabel categorization performance as well as a metric of the clustering of datapoints within each psuedo-label group, iteratively alternating stages of network training and label propagation. We illustrate the utility of the LLP method on the ImageNet dataset, achieving results that outperform previous state-of-the-art scalable semi-supervised learning algorithms by large margins, consistently across a wide variety of training regimes. We also show that the feature representation learned with LLP transfers well to scene recognition in the Places 205 dataset. 

017__ Target-Guided Open-Domain Conversation__arXiv:1905.11553
Author: Jianheng Tang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11553
 Abstract: Many real-world open-domain conversation applications have specific goals to achieve during open-ended chats, such as recommendation, psychotherapy, education, etc. We study the problem of imposing conversational goals on open-domain chat agents. In particular, we want a conversational system to chat naturally with human and proactively guide the conversation to a designated target subject. The problem is challenging as no public data is available for learning such a target-guided strategy. We propose a structured approach that introduces coarse-grained keywords to control the intended content of system responses. We then attain smooth conversation transition through turn-level supervised learning, and drive the conversation towards the target with discourse-level constraints. We further derive a keyword-augmented conversation dataset for the study. Quantitative and human evaluations show our system can produce meaningful and effective conversations, significantly improving over other approaches. 

018__ Tight Regret Bounds for Model-Based Reinforcement Learning with Greedy  Policies__arXiv:1905.11527
Author: Yonathan Efroni
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11527
 Abstract: State-of-the-art efficient model-based Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms typically act by iteratively solving empirical models, i.e., by performing \emph{full-planning} on Markov Decision Processes (MDPs) built by the gathered experience. In this paper, we focus on model-based RL in the finite-state finite-horizon MDP setting and establish that exploring with \emph{greedy policies} -- act by \emph{1-step planning} -- can achieve tight minimax performance in terms of regret, $\tilde{\mathcal{O}}(\sqrt{HSAT})$. Thus, full-planning in model-based RL can be avoided altogether without any performance degradation, and, by doing so, the computational complexity decreases by a factor of $S$. The results are based on a novel analysis of real-time dynamic programming, then extended to model-based RL. Specifically, we generalize existing algorithms that perform full-planning to such that act by 1-step planning. For these generalizations, we prove regret bounds with the same rate as their full-planning counterparts. 

019__ Universality Theorems for Generative Models__arXiv:1905.11520
Author: Valentin Khrulkov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11520
 Abstract: Despite the fact that generative models are extremely successful in practice, the theory underlying this phenomenon is only starting to catch up with practice. In this work we address the question of the universality of generative models: is it true that neural networks can approximate any data manifold arbitrarily well? We provide a positive answer to this question and show that under mild assumptions on the activation function one can always find a feedforward neural network that maps the latent space onto a set located within the specified Hausdorff distance from the desired data manifold. We also prove similar theorems for the case of multiclass generative models and cycle generative models, trained to map samples from one manifold to another and vice versa. 

020__ A Knowledge Graph-based Approach for Exploring the U.S. Opioid Epidemic__arXiv:1905.11513
Author: Maulik R. Kamdar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11513
 Abstract: The United States is in the midst of an opioid epidemic with recent estimates indicating that more than 130 people die every day due to drug overdose. The over-prescription and addiction to opioid painkillers, heroin, and synthetic opioids, has led to a public health crisis and created a huge social and economic burden. Statistical learning methods that use data from multiple clinical centers across the US to detect opioid over-prescribing trends and predict possible opioid misuse are required. However, the semantic heterogeneity in the representation of clinical data across different centers makes the development and evaluation of such methods difficult and non-trivial. We create the Opioid Drug Knowledge Graph (ODKG) -- a network of opioid-related drugs, active ingredients, formulations, combinations, and brand names. We use the ODKG to normalize drug strings in a clinical data warehouse consisting of patient data from over 400 healthcare facilities in 42 different states. We showcase the use of ODKG to generate summary statistics of opioid prescription trends across US regions. These methods and resources can aid the development of advanced and scalable models to monitor the opioid epidemic and to detect illicit opioid misuse behavior. Our work is relevant to policymakers and pain researchers who wish to systematically assess factors that contribute to opioid over-prescribing and iatrogenic opioid addiction in the US. 

021__ a Physics-Inspired Method for Symbolic Regression__arXiv:1905.11481
Author: Silviu-Marian Udrescu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11481
 Abstract: A core challenge for both physics and artificial intellicence (AI) is symbolic regression: finding a symbolic expression that matches data from an unknown function. Although this problem is likely to be NP-hard in principle, functions of practical interest often exhibit symmetries, separability, compositionality and other simplifying properties. In this spirit, we develop a recursive multidimensional symbolic regression algorithm that combines neural network fitting with a suite of physics-inspired techniques. We apply it to 100 equations from the Feynman Lectures on Physics, and it discovers all of them, while previous publicly available software cracks only 71; for a more difficult test set, we improve the state of the art success rate from 15% to 90%. 

022__ Cross-Lingual Data Augmentation for Natural Language Inference and  Question Answering__arXiv:1905.11471
Author: Jasdeep Singh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11471
 Abstract: While natural language processing systems often focus on a single language, multilingual transfer learning has the potential to improve performance, especially for low-resource languages. We introduce XLDA, cross-lingual data augmentation, a method that replaces a segment of the input text with its translation in another language. XLDA enhances performance of all 14 tested languages of the cross-lingual natural language inference (XNLI) benchmark. With improvements of up to $4.8\%$, training with XLDA achieves state-of-the-art performance for Greek, Turkish, and Urdu. XLDA is in contrast to, and performs markedly better than, a more naive approach that aggregates examples in various languages in a way that each example is solely in one language. On the SQuAD question answering task, we see that XLDA provides a $1.0\%$ performance increase on the English evaluation set. Comprehensive experiments suggest that most languages are effective as cross-lingual augmentors, that XLDA is robust to a wide range of translation quality, and that XLDA is even more effective for randomly initialized models than for pretrained models. 

023__ A Self-Attention Joint Model for Spoken Language Understanding in  Situational Dialog Applications__arXiv:1905.11393
Author: Mengyang Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11393
 Abstract: Spoken language understanding (SLU) acts as a critical component in goal-oriented dialog systems. It typically involves identifying the speakers intent and extracting semantic slots from user utterances, which are known as intent detection (ID) and slot filling (SF). SLU problem has been intensively investigated in recent years. However, these methods just constrain SF results grammatically, solve ID and SF independently, or do not fully utilize the mutual impact of the two tasks. This paper proposes a multi-head self-attention joint model with a conditional random field (CRF) layer and a prior mask. The experiments show the effectiveness of our model, as compared with state-of-the-art models. Meanwhile, online education in China has made great progress in the last few years. But there are few intelligent educational dialog applications for students to learn foreign languages. Hence, we design an intelligent dialog robot equipped with different scenario settings to help students learn communication skills. 

024__ Improving Generalization by Modeling the  Distribution of Hidden Representations__arXiv:1905.11382
Author: Alex Lamb
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11382
 Abstract: Machine learning promises methods that generalize well from finite labeled data. However, the brittleness of existing neural net approaches is revealed by notable failures, such as the existence of adversarial examples that are misclassified despite being nearly identical to a training example, or the inability of recurrent sequence-processing nets to stay on track without teacher forcing. We introduce a method, which we refer to as \emph{state reification}, that involves modeling the distribution of hidden states over the training data and then projecting hidden states observed during testing toward this distribution. Our intuition is that if the network can remain in a familiar manifold of hidden space, subsequent layers of the net should be well trained to respond appropriately. We show that this state-reification method helps neural nets to generalize better, especially when labeled data are sparse, and also helps overcome the challenge of achieving robust generalization with adversarial training. 