------------------------------
Fri, May 03  2019
------------------------------
7 new papers today.

001__ A Large-scale Eventuality Knowledge Graph__arXiv:1905.00270
Author: Hongming Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00270
 Abstract: Understanding human's language requires complex world knowledge. However, existing large-scale knowledge graphs mainly focus on knowledge about entities while ignoring knowledge about activities, states, or events, which are used to describe how entities or things act in the real world. To fill this gap, we develop ASER (activities, states, events, and their relations), a large-scale eventuality knowledge graph extracted from more than 11-billion-token unstructured textual data. ASER contains 15 relation types belonging to five categories, 194-million unique eventualities, and 64-million unique edges among them. Both human and extrinsic evaluations demonstrate the quality and effectiveness of ASER. 

002__ Declarative Question Answering over Knowledge Bases containing Natural  Language Text with Answer Set Programming__arXiv:1905.00198
Author: Arindam Mitra
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00198
 Abstract: While in recent years machine learning (ML) based approaches have been the popular approach in developing end-to-end question answering systems, such systems often struggle when additional knowledge is needed to correctly answer the questions. Proposed alternatives involve translating the question and the natural language text to a logical representation and then use logical reasoning. However, this alternative falters when the size of the text gets bigger. To address this we propose an approach that does logical reasoning over premises written in natural language text. The proposed method uses recent features of Answer Set Programming (ASP) to call external NLP modules (which may be based on ML) which perform simple textual entailment. To test our approach we develop a corpus based on the life cycle questions and showed that Our system achieves up to $18\%$ performance gain when compared to standard MCQ solvers. 

003__ Information-Theoretic Considerations in Batch Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.00360
Author: Jinglin Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00360
 Abstract: Value-function approximation methods that operate in batch mode have foundational importance to reinforcement learning (RL). Finite sample guarantees for these methods often crucially rely on two types of assumptions: (1) mild distribution shift, and (2) representation conditions that are stronger than realizability. However, the necessity ("why do we need them?") and the naturalness ("when do they hold?") of such assumptions have largely eluded the literature. In this paper, we revisit these assumptions and provide theoretical results towards answering the above questions, and make steps towards a deeper understanding of value-function approximation. error here, check on website.

005__ Inverse Reinforcement Learning in General-Purpose  Planning for Automated Driving__arXiv:1905.00229
Author: Sascha Rosbach
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00229
 Abstract: Behavior and motion planning play an important role in automated driving. Traditionally, behavior planners instruct local motion planners with predefined behaviors. Due to the high scene complexity in urban environments, unpredictable situations may occur in which behavior planners fail to match predefined behavior templates. Recently, general-purpose planners have been introduced, combining behavior and local motion planning. These general-purpose planners allow behavior-aware motion planning given a single reward function. However, two challenges arise: First, this function has to map a complex feature space into rewards. Second, the reward function has to be manually tuned by an expert. Manually tuning this reward function becomes a tedious task. In this paper, we propose an approach that relies on human driving demonstrations to automatically tune reward functions. This study offers important insights into the driving style optimization of general-purpose planners with maximum entropy inverse reinforcement learning. We evaluate our approach based on the expected value difference between learned and demonstrated policies. Furthermore, we compare the similarity of human driven trajectories with optimal policies of our planner under learned and expert-tuned reward functions. Our experiments show that we are able to learn reward functions exceeding the level of manual expert tuning without prior domain knowledge. 

006__ Fair Classification and Social Welfare__arXiv:1905.00147
Author: Lily Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00147
 Abstract: Now that machine learning algorithms lie at the center of many resource allocation pipelines, computer scientists have been unwittingly cast as partial social planners. Given this state of affairs, important questions follow. What is the relationship between fairness as defined by computer scientists and notions of social welfare? In this paper, we present a welfare-based analysis of classification and fairness regimes. We translate a loss minimization program into a social welfare maximization problem with a set of implied welfare weights on individuals and groups--weights that can be analyzed from a distribution justice lens. In the converse direction, we ask what the space of possible labelings is for a given dataset and hypothesis class. We provide an algorithm that answers this question with respect to linear hyperplanes in $\mathbb{R}^d$ that runs in $O(n^dd)$. Our main findings on the relationship between fairness criteria and welfare center on sensitivity analyses of fairness-constrained empirical risk minimization programs. We characterize the ranges of $\Delta \epsilon$ perturbations to a fairness parameter $\epsilon$ that yield better, worse, and neutral outcomes in utility for individuals and by extension, groups. We show that applying more strict fairness criteria that are codified as parity constraints, can worsen welfare outcomes for both groups. More generally, always preferring "more fair" classifiers does not abide by the Pareto Principle---a fundamental axiom of social choice theory and welfare economics. Recent work in machine learning has rallied around these notions of fairness as critical to ensuring that algorithmic systems do not have disparate negative impact on disadvantaged social groups. By showing that these constraints often fail to translate into improved outcomes for these groups, we cast doubt on their effectiveness as a means to ensure justice. 

007__ Validating explanation fidelity for  dynamic malware analysis__arXiv:1905.00122
Author: Li Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00122
 Abstract: Converting malware into images followed by vision-based deep learning algorithms has shown superior threat detection efficacy compared with classical machine learning algorithms. When malware are visualized as images, visual-based interpretation schemes can also be applied to extract insights of why individual samples are classified as malicious. In this work, via two case studies of dynamic malware classification, we extend the local interpretable model-agnostic explanation algorithm to explain image-based dynamic malware classification and examine its interpretation fidelity. For both case studies, we first train deep learning models via transfer learning on malware images, demonstrate high classification effectiveness, apply an explanation method on the images, and correlate the results back to the samples to validate whether the algorithmic insights are consistent with security domain expertise. In our first case study, the interpretation framework identifies indirect calls that uniquely characterize the underlying exploit behavior of a malware family. In our second case study, the interpretation framework extracts insightful information such as cryptography-related APIs when applied on images created from API existence, but generate ambiguous interpretation on images created from API sequences and frequencies. Our findings indicate that current image-based interpretation techniques are promising for explaining vision-based malware classification. We continue to develop image-based interpretation schemes specifically for security applications. 