------------------------------
Tue, May 14  2019
------------------------------
38 new papers today.

001__ Ludii - The ludemic General Game System__arXiv:1905.05013
Author: Eric Piette
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05013
 Abstract: While current General Game Playing (GGP) systems facilitate useful research in Artificial Intelligence (AI) for game-playing, they are often somewhat specialized and computationally inefficient. In this paper, we describe an initial version of a "ludemic" general game system called Ludii, which has the potential to provide an efficient tool for AI researchers as well game designers, historians, educators and practitioners in related fields. Ludii defines games as structures of ludemes, i.e. high-level, easily understandable game concepts. We establish the foundations of Ludii by outlining its main benefits: generality, extensibility, understandability and efficiency. Experimentally, Ludii outperforms one of the most efficient Game Description Language (GDL) reasoners, based on a propositional network, for all available games in the Tiltyard GGP repository. 

002__ Learning to Exploit Long-term Relational Dependencies in Knowledge  Graphs__arXiv:1905.04914
Author: Lingbing Guo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04914
 Abstract: We study the problem of knowledge graph (KG) embedding. A widely-established assumption to this problem is that similar entities are likely to have similar relational roles. However, existing related methods derive KG embeddings mainly based on triple-level learning, which lack the capability of capturing long-term relational dependencies of entities. Moreover, triple-level learning is insufficient for the propagation of semantic information among entities, especially for the case of cross-KG embedding. In this paper, we propose recurrent skipping networks (RSNs), which employ a skipping mechanism to bridge the gaps between entities. RSNs integrate recurrent neural networks (RNNs) with residual learning to efficiently capture the long-term relational dependencies within and between KGs. We design an end-to-end framework to support RSNs on different tasks. Our experimental results showed that RSNs outperformed state-of-the-art embedding-based methods for entity alignment and achieved competitive performance for KG completion. 

003__ Learning and Planning in Feature Deception Games__arXiv:1905.04833
Author: Zheyuan Ryan Shi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04833
 Abstract: Today's high-stakes adversarial interactions feature attackers who constantly breach the ever-improving security measures. Deception mitigates the defender's loss by misleading the attacker to make suboptimal decisions. In order to formally reason about deception, we introduce the feature deception game (FDG), a domain-independent game-theoretic model and present a learning and planning framework. We make the following contributions. (1) We show that we can uniformly learn the adversary's preferences using data from a modest number of deception strategies. (2) We propose an approximation algorithm for finding the optimal deception strategy and show that the problem is NP-hard. (3) We perform extensive experiments to empirically validate our methods and results. 

004__ Achieving Human-Level Play without Extrinsic Rewards__arXiv:1905.04640
Author: Yuhang Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04640
 Abstract: Intrinsic rewards are introduced to simulate how human intelligence works, which are usually evaluated by intrinsically-motivated play, i.e., playing games without extrinsic rewards but evaluated with extrinsic rewards. However, none of the existing intrinsic reward approaches can achieve human-level performance under this very challenging setting of intrinsically-motivated play. In this work, we propose a novel megalomania-driven intrinsic reward (mega-reward) which, to our knowledge, is the first approach that achieves comparable human-level performance in intrinsically-motivated play. The intuition of mega-rewards comes from the observation that infants' intelligence develops when they try to gain more control on entities in an environment; therefore, mega-reward aims to maximize the control capabilities of agents on given entities in a given environment. To formalize mega-reward, a relational transition model is proposed to bridge the gaps between direct and latent control. Experimental studies show that mega-reward can (i) greatly outperform all state-of-the-art intrinsic reward approaches, (ii) generally achieves the same level of performance as Ex-PPO and professional human-level scores; and (iii) has also superior performance when it is incorporated with extrinsic reward. 

005__ Explaining intuitive difficulty judgments by modeling physical effort  and risk__arXiv:1905.04445
Author: Ilker Yildirim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04445
 Abstract: The ability to estimate task difficulty is critical for many real-world decisions such as setting appropriate goals for ourselves or appreciating others' accomplishments. Here we give a computational account of how humans judge the difficulty of a range of physical construction tasks (e.g., moving 10 loose blocks from their initial configuration to their target configuration, such as a vertical tower) by quantifying two key factors that influence construction difficulty: physical effort and physical risk. Physical effort captures the minimal work needed to transport all objects to their final positions, and is computed using a hybrid task-and-motion planner. Physical risk corresponds to stability of the structure, and is computed using noisy physics simulations to capture the costs for precision (e.g., attention, coordination, fine motor movements) required for success. We show that the full effort-risk model captures human estimates of difficulty and construction time better than either component alone. 

006__ Controlled Natural Languages and Default Reasoning__arXiv:1905.04422
Author: Tiantian Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04422
 Abstract: Controlled natural languages (CNLs) are effective languages for knowledge representation and reasoning. They are designed based on certain natural languages with restricted lexicon and grammar. CNLs are unambiguous and simple as opposed to their base languages. They preserve the expressiveness and coherence of natural languages. In this report, we focus on a class of CNLs, called machine-oriented CNLs, which have well-defined semantics that can be deterministically translated into formal languages, such as Prolog, to do logical reasoning. Over the past 20 years, a number of machine-oriented CNLs emerged and have been used in many application domains for problem solving and question answering. However, few of them support non-monotonic inference. In our work, we propose non-monotonic extensions of CNL to support defeasible reasoning. In the first part of this report, we survey CNLs and compare three influential systems: Attempto Controlled English (ACE), Processable English (PENG), and Computer-processable English (CPL). We compare their language design, semantic interpretations, and reasoning services. In the second part of this report, we first identify typical non-monotonicity in natural languages, such as defaults, exceptions and conversational implicatures. Then, we propose their representation in CNL and the corresponding formalizations in a form of defeasible reasoning known as Logic Programming with Defaults and Argumentation Theory (LPDA). 

007__ Locally Weighted Regression Pseudo-Rehearsal for Online Learning of  Vehicle Dynamics__arXiv:1905.05162
Author: Grady Williams
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05162
 Abstract: We consider the problem of online adaptation of a neural network designed to represent vehicle dynamics. The neural network model is intended to be used by an MPC control law to autonomously control the vehicle. This problem is challenging because both the input and target distributions are non-stationary, and naive approaches to online adaptation result in catastrophic forgetting, which can in turn lead to controller failures. We present a novel online learning method, which combines the pseudo-rehearsal method with locally weighted projection regression. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the resulting Locally Weighted Projection Regression Pseudo-Rehearsal (LW-PR$^2$) method in simulation and on a large real world dataset collected with a 1/5 scale autonomous vehicle. 

008__ A Survey on Robot Pushing__arXiv:1905.05138
Author: Jochen St¨¹ber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05138
 Abstract: As robot make their way out of factories into human environments, outer space, and beyond, they require the skill to manipulate their environment in multifarious, unforeseeable circumstances. With this regard, pushing is an essential motion primitive that dramatically extends a robot's manipulation repertoire. In this work, we review the robotic pushing literature. While focusing on work concerned with predicting the motion of pushed objects, we also cover relevant applications of pushing for planning and control. Beginning with analytical approaches, under which we also subsume physics engines, we then proceed to discuss work on learning models from data. In doing so, we dedicate a separate section to deep learning approaches which have seen a recent upsurge in the literature. Concluding remarks and further research perspectives are given at the end of the paper. 

009__ Optimization and  Generalization__arXiv:1905.05095
Author: Emilio Jorge
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05095
 Abstract: We extend the recent results of (Arora et al., 2019) by a spectral analysis of representations corresponding to kernel and neural embeddings. They showed that in a simple single layer network, the alignment of the labels to the eigenvectors of the corresponding Gram matrix determines both the convergence of the optimization during training as well as the generalization properties. We show quantitatively that kernel and neural representations improve both optimization and generalization. We give results for the Gaussian kernel and approximations by random Fourier features as well as for embeddings produced by two layer networks trained on different tasks. 

010__ Bayesian Hierarchical Mixture Clustering using Multilevel Hierarchical  Dirichlet Processes__arXiv:1905.05022
Author: Weipeng Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.05022
 Abstract: This paper focuses on the problem of hierarchical non-overlapping clustering of a dataset. In such a clustering, each data item is associated with exactly one leaf node and each internal node is associated with all the data items stored in the sub-tree beneath it, so that each level of the hierarchy corresponds to a partition of the dataset. We develop a novel Bayesian nonparametric method combining the nested Chinese Restaurant Process (nCRP) and the Hierarchical Dirichlet Process (HDP). Compared with other existing Bayesian approaches, our solution tackles data with complex latent mixture features which has not been previously explored in the literature. We discuss the details of the model and the inference procedure. Furthermore, experiments on three datasets show that our method achieves solid empirical results in comparison with existing algorithms. 

011__ Implementing Transparent Moral Bounds for AI  Behaviour__arXiv:1905.04994
Author: Andrea Aler Tubella
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04994
 Abstract: Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications are being used to predict and assess behaviour in multiple domains, such as criminal justice and consumer finance, which directly affect human well-being. However, if AI is to improve people's lives, then people must be able to trust AI, which means being able to understand what the system is doing and why. Even though transparency is often seen as the requirement in this case, realistically it might not always be possible or desirable, whereas the need to ensure that the system operates within set moral bounds remains. In this paper, we present an approach to evaluate the moral bounds of an AI system based on the monitoring of its inputs and outputs. We place a "glass box" around the system by mapping moral values into explicit verifiable norms that constrain inputs and outputs, in such a way that if these remain within the box we can guarantee that the system adheres to the value. The focus on inputs and outputs allows for the verification and comparison of vastly different intelligent systems; from deep neural networks to agent-based systems. The explicit transformation of abstract moral values into concrete norms brings great benefits in terms of explainability; stakeholders know exactly how the system is interpreting and employing relevant abstract moral human values and calibrate their trust accordingly. Moreover, by operating at a higher level we can check the compliance of the system with different interpretations of the same value. These advantages will have an impact on the well-being of AI systems users at large, building their trust and providing them with concrete knowledge on how systems adhere to moral values. 

012__ Exogenous Rewards for Promoting Cooperation in Scale-Free Networks__arXiv:1905.04964
Author: Theodor Cimpeanu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04964
 Abstract: The design of mechanisms that encourage pro-social behaviours in populations of self-regarding agents is recognised as a major theoretical challenge within several areas of social, life and engineering sciences. When interference from external parties is considered, several heuristics have been identified as capable of engineering a desired collective behaviour at a minimal cost. However, these studies neglect the diverse nature of contexts and social structures that characterise real-world populations. Here we analyse the impact of diversity by means of scale-free interaction networks with high and low levels of clustering, and test various interference paradigms using simulations of agents facing a cooperative dilemma. Our results show that interference on scale-free networks is not trivial and that distinct levels of clustering react differently to each interference strategy. As such, we argue that no tailored response fits all scale-free networks and present which strategies are more efficient at fostering cooperation in both types of networks. Finally, we discuss the pitfalls of considering reckless interference strategies. 

013__ Strategic Voting in an Iterative Preference Elicitation  Process__arXiv:1905.04933
Author: Lihi Dery
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04933
 Abstract: A voting center is in charge of collecting and aggregating voter preferences. In an iterative process, the center sends comparison queries to voters, requesting them to submit their preference between two items. Voters might discuss the candidates among themselves, figuring out during the elicitation process which candidates stand a chance of winning and which do not. Consequently, strategic voters might attempt to manipulate by deviating from their true preferences and instead submit a different response in order to attempt to maximize their profit. We provide a practical algorithm for strategic voters which computes the best manipulative vote and maximizes the voter's selfish outcome when such a vote exists. We also provide a careful voting center which is aware of the possible manipulations and avoids manipulative queries when possible. In an empirical study on four real-world domains, we show that in practice manipulation occurs in a low percentage of settings and has a low impact on the final outcome. The careful voting center reduces manipulation even further, thus allowing for a non-distorted group decision process to take place. We thus provide a core technology study of a voting process that can be adopted in opinion or information aggregation systems and in crowdsourcing applications, e.g., peer grading in Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs). 

014__ A Bayesian Approach for Neural Architecture Search__arXiv:1905.04919
Author: Hongpeng Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04919
 Abstract: One-Shot Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is a promising method to significantly reduce search time without any separate training. It can be treated as a Network Compression problem on the architecture parameters from an over-parameterized network. However, there are two issues associated with most one-shot NAS methods. First, dependencies between a node and its predecessors and successors are often disregarded which result in improper treatment over zero operations. Second, architecture parameters pruning based on their magnitude is questionable. In this paper, we employ the classic Bayesian learning approach to alleviate these two issues by modeling architecture parameters using hierarchical automatic relevance determination (HARD) priors. Unlike other NAS methods, we train the over-parameterized network for only one epoch then update the architecture. Impressively, this enabled us to find the architecture in both proxy and proxyless tasks on CIFAR-10 within only 0.2 GPU days using a single GPU. As a byproduct, our approach can be transferred directly to compress convolutional neural networks by enforcing structural sparsity which achieves extremely sparse networks without accuracy deterioration. 

015__ Similarity Grouping-Guided Neural Network Modeling for Maritime Time  Series Prediction__arXiv:1905.04872
Author: Yan Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04872
 Abstract: Reliable and accurate prediction of time series plays a crucial role in maritime industry, such as economic investment, transportation planning, port planning and design, etc. The dynamic growth of maritime time series has the predominantly complex, nonlinear and non-stationary properties. To guarantee high-quality prediction performance, we propose to first adopt the empirical mode decomposition (EMD) and ensemble EMD (EEMD) methods to decompose the original time series into high- and low-frequency components. The low-frequency components can be easily predicted directly through traditional neural network (NN) methods. It is more difficult to predict high-frequency components due to their properties of weak mathematical regularity. To take advantage of the inherent self-similarities within high-frequency components, these components will be divided into several continuous small (overlapping) segments. The grouped segments with high similarities are then selected to form more proper training datasets for traditional NN methods. This regrouping strategy can assist in enhancing the prediction accuracy of high-frequency components. The final prediction result is obtained by integrating the predicted high- and low-frequency components. Our proposed three-step prediction frameworks benefit from the time series decomposition and similar segments grouping. Experiments on both port cargo throughput and vessel traffic flow have illustrated its superior performance in terms of prediction accuracy and robustness. 

016__ Instance-aware Selective Branching Network__arXiv:1905.04849
Author: Shaofeng Cai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04849
 Abstract: Recent years have witnessed growing interests in designing efficient neural networks and neural architecture search (NAS). Although remarkable efficiency and accuracy have been achieved, existing expert designed and NAS models neglect that input instances are of varying complexity thus different amount of computation is required. Therefore, inference with a fixed model that processes all instances through the same transformations would waste plenty of computational resources. Customizing the model capacity in an instance-aware manner is highly demanded. In this paper, we introduce a novel network ISBNet to address this issue, which supports efficient instance-level inference by selectively bypassing transformation branches of infinitesimal importance weight. We also propose lightweight hypernetworks SelectionNet to generate these importance weights instance-wisely. Extensive experiments have been conducted to evaluate the efficiency of ISBNet and the results show that ISBNet achieves extremely efficient inference comparing to existing networks. For example, ISBNet takes only 12.45% parameters and 45.79% FLOPs of the state-of-the-art efficient network ShuffleNetV2 with comparable accuracy. 

017__ Synchronous Bidirectional Neural Machine Translation__arXiv:1905.04847
Author: Long Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04847
 Abstract: Existing approaches to neural machine translation (NMT) generate the target language sequence token by token from left to right. However, this kind of unidirectional decoding framework cannot make full use of the target-side future contexts which can be produced in a right-to-left decoding direction, and thus suffers from the issue of unbalanced outputs. In this paper, we introduce a synchronous bidirectional neural machine translation (SB-NMT) that predicts its outputs using left-to-right and right-to-left decoding simultaneously and interactively, in order to leverage both of the history and future information at the same time. Specifically, we first propose a new algorithm that enables synchronous bidirectional decoding in a single model. Then, we present an interactive decoding model in which left-to-right (right-to-left) generation does not only depend on its previously generated outputs, but also relies on future contexts predicted by right-to-left (left-to-right) decoding. We extensively evaluate the proposed SB-NMT model on large-scale NIST Chinese-English, WMT14 English-German, and WMT18 Russian-English translation tasks. Experimental results demonstrate that our model achieves significant improvements over the strong Transformer model by 3.92, 1.49 and 1.04 BLEU points respectively, and obtains the state-of-the-art performance on Chinese-English and English-German translation tasks. 

018__ Evidence Propagation and Consensus Formation in Noisy Environments__arXiv:1905.04840
Author: Michael Crosscombe
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04840
 Abstract: We study the effectiveness of consensus formation in multi-agent systems where there is both belief updating based on direct evidence and also belief combination between agents. In particular, we consider the scenario in which a population of agents collaborate on the best-of-n problem where the aim is to reach a consensus about which is the best (alternatively, true) state from amongst a set of states, each with a different quality value (or level of evidence). Agents' beliefs are represented within Dempster-Shafer theory by mass functions and we invegate the macro-level properties of four well-known belief combination operators for this multi-agent consensus formation problem: Dempster's rule, Yager's rule, Dubois & Prade's operator and the averaging operator. The convergence properties of the operators are considered and simulation experiments are conducted for different evidence rates and noise levels. Results show that a combination of updating from direct evidence and belief combination between agents results in better consensus to the best state than does evidence updating alone. We also find that in this framework the operators are robust to noise. Broadly, Dubois & Prade's operator results in better convergence to the best state. Finally, we consider how well the Dempster-Shafer approach to the best-of-n problem scales to large numbers of states. 

019__ Task-Agnostic Dynamics Priors for Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.04819
Author: Yilun Du
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04819
 Abstract: While model-based deep reinforcement learning (RL) holds great promise for sample efficiency and generalization, learning an accurate dynamics model is often challenging and requires substantial interaction with the environment. A wide variety of domains have dynamics that share common foundations like the laws of classical mechanics, which are rarely exploited by existing algorithms. In fact, humans continuously acquire and use such dynamics priors to easily adapt to operating in new environments. In this work, we propose an approach to learn task-agnostic dynamics priors from videos and incorporate them into an RL agent. Our method involves pre-training a frame predictor on task-agnostic physics videos to initialize dynamics models (and fine-tune them) for unseen target environments. Our frame prediction architecture, SpatialNet, is designed specifically to capture localized physical phenomena and interactions. Our approach allows for both faster policy learning and convergence to better policies, outperforming competitive approaches on several different environments. We also demonstrate that incorporating this prior allows for more effective transfer between environments. 

020__ Contextual Illuminance Estimation via Deep Neural  Networks__arXiv:1905.04791
Author: Jun Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04791
 Abstract: Computational color constancy refers to the estimation of the scene illumination and makes the perceived color relatively stable under varying illumination. In the past few years, deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have delivered superior performance in illuminant estimation. Several representative methods formulate it as a multi-label prediction problem by learning the local appearance of image patches using CNNs. However, these approaches inevitably make incorrect estimations for the ambiguous patches affected by their neighborhood contexts. Inaccurate local estimates are likely to bring in degraded performance when combining into a global prediction. To address the above issues, we propose a contextual deep network for patch-based illuminant estimation equipped with refinement. First, the contextual net with a center-surround architecture extracts local contextual features from image patches, and generates initial illuminant estimates and the corresponding color corrected patches. The patches are sampled based on the observation that pixels with large color differences describe the illumination well. Then, the refinement net integrates the input patches with the corrected patches in conjunction with the use of intermediate features to improve the performance. To train such a network with numerous parameters, we propose a stage-wise training strategy, in which the features and the predicted illuminant from previous stages are provided to the next learning stage with more finer estimates recovered. Experiments show that our approach obtains competitive performance on two illuminant estimation benchmarks. 

021__ Learning Phase Competition for Traffic Signal Control__arXiv:1905.04722
Author: Guanjie Zheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04722
 Abstract: Increasingly available city data and advanced learning techniques have empowered people to improve the efficiency of our city functions. Among them, improving the urban transportation efficiency is one of the most prominent topics. Recent studies have proposed to use reinforcement learning (RL) for traffic signal control. Different from traditional transportation approaches which rely heavily on prior knowledge, RL can learn directly from the feedback. On the other side, without a careful model design, existing RL methods typically take a long time to converge and the learned models may not be able to adapt to new scenarios. For example, a model that is trained well for morning traffic may not work for the afternoon traffic because the traffic flow could be reversed, resulting in a very different state representation. In this paper, we propose a novel design called FRAP, which is based on the intuitive principle of phase competition in traffic signal control: when two traffic signals conflict, priority should be given to one with larger traffic movement (i.e., higher demand). Through the phase competition modeling, our model achieves invariance to symmetrical cases such as flipping and rotation in traffic flow. By conducting comprehensive experiments, we demonstrate that our model finds better solutions than existing RL methods in the complicated all-phase selection problem, converges much faster during training, and achieves superior generalizability for different road structures and traffic conditions. 

022__ Diagnosing Reinforcement Learning for Traffic Signal Control__arXiv:1905.04716
Author: Guanjie Zheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04716
 Abstract: With the increasing availability of traffic data and advance of deep reinforcement learning techniques, there is an emerging trend of employing reinforcement learning (RL) for traffic signal control. A key question for applying RL to traffic signal control is how to define the reward and state. The ultimate objective in traffic signal control is to minimize the travel time, which is difficult to reach directly. Hence, existing studies often define reward as an ad-hoc weighted linear combination of several traffic measures. However, there is no guarantee that the travel time will be optimized with the reward. In addition, recent RL approaches use more complicated state (e.g., image) in order to describe the full traffic situation. However, none of the existing studies has discussed whether such a complex state representation is necessary. This extra complexity may lead to significantly slower learning process but may not necessarily bring significant performance gain. In this paper, we propose to re-examine the RL approaches through the lens of classic transportation theory. We ask the following questions: (1) How should we design the reward so that one can guarantee to minimize the travel time? (2) How to design a state representation which is concise yet sufficient to obtain the optimal solution? Our proposed method LIT is theoretically supported by the classic traffic signal control methods in transportation field. LIT has a very simple state and reward design, thus can serve as a building block for future RL approaches to traffic signal control. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real datasets show that our method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art traffic signal control methods. 

023__ Rough Contact in General Rough Mereology__arXiv:1905.04689
Author: A. Mani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04689
 Abstract: Theories of rough mereology have originated from diverse semantic considerations from contexts relating to study of databases, to human reasoning. These ideas of origin, especially in the latter context, are intensely complex. In this research, concepts of rough contact relations are introduced and rough mereologies are situated in relation to general spatial mereology by the present author. These considerations are restricted to her rough mereologies that seek to avoid contamination. 

024__ Improving Natural Language Interaction with Robots Using Advice__arXiv:1905.04655
Author: Nikhil Mehta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04655
 Abstract: Over the last few years, there has been growing interest in learning models for physically grounded language understanding tasks, such as the popular blocks world domain. These works typically view this problem as a single-step process, in which a human operator gives an instruction and an automated agent is evaluated on its ability to execute it. In this paper we take the first step towards increasing the bandwidth of this interaction, and suggest a protocol for including advice, high-level observations about the task, which can help constrain the agent's prediction. We evaluate our approach on the blocks world task, and show that even simple advice can help lead to significant performance improvements. To help reduce the effort involved in supplying the advice, we also explore model self-generated advice which can still improve results. 

025__ From Local Explanations to Global  Understanding__arXiv:1905.04610
Author: Scott M. Lundberg
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04610
 Abstract: Tree-based machine learning models such as random forests, decision trees, and gradient boosted trees are the most popular non-linear predictive models used in practice today, yet comparatively little attention has been paid to explaining their predictions. Here we significantly improve the interpretability of tree-based models through three main contributions: 1) The first polynomial time algorithm to compute optimal explanations based on game theory. 2) A new type of explanation that directly measures local feature interaction effects. 3) A new set of tools for understanding global model structure based on combining many local explanations of each prediction. We apply these tools to three medical machine learning problems and show how combining many high-quality local explanations allows us to represent global structure while retaining local faithfulness to the original model. These tools enable us to i) identify high magnitude but low frequency non-linear mortality risk factors in the general US population, ii) highlight distinct population sub-groups with shared risk characteristics, iii) identify non-linear interaction effects among risk factors for chronic kidney disease, and iv) monitor a machine learning model deployed in a hospital by identifying which features are degrading the model's performance over time. Given the popularity of tree-based machine learning models, these improvements to their interpretability have implications across a broad set of domains. 

026__ Robustness of Object Recognition under Extreme Occlusion in Humans and  Computational Models__arXiv:1905.04598
Author: Hongru Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04598
 Abstract: Most objects in the visual world are partially occluded, but humans can recognize them without difficulty. However, it remains unknown whether object recognition models like convolutional neural networks (CNNs) can handle real-world occlusion. It is also a question whether efforts to make these models robust to constant mask occlusion are effective for real-world occlusion. We test both humans and the above-mentioned computational models in a challenging task of object recognition under extreme occlusion, where target objects are heavily occluded by irrelevant real objects in real backgrounds. Our results show that human vision is very robust to extreme occlusion while CNNs are not, even with modifications to handle constant mask occlusion. This implies that the ability to handle constant mask occlusion does not entail robustness to real-world occlusion. As a comparison, we propose another computational model that utilizes object parts/subparts in a compositional manner to build robustness to occlusion. This performs significantly better than CNN-based models on our task with error patterns similar to humans. These findings suggest that testing under extreme occlusion can better reveal the robustness of visual recognition, and that the principle of composition can encourage such robustness. 

027__ Dissecting Graph Neural Networks on Graph Classification__arXiv:1905.04579
Author: Ting Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04579
 Abstract: Graph Neural Nets (GNNs) have received increasing attentions, partially due to their superior performance in many node and graph classification tasks. However, there is a lack of understanding on what they are learning and how sophisticated the learned graph functions are. In this work, we first propose Graph Feature Network (GFN), a simple lightweight neural net defined on a set of graph augmented features. We then propose a dissection of GNNs on graph classification into two parts: 1) the graph filtering, where graph-based neighbor aggregations are performed, and 2) the set function, where a set of hidden node features are composed for prediction. To test the importance of these two parts separately, we prove and leverage the connection that GFN can be derived by linearizing graph filtering part of GNN. Empirically we perform evaluations on common graph classification benchmarks. To our surprise, we find that, despite the simplification, GFN could match or exceed the best accuracies produced by recently proposed GNNs, with a fraction of computation cost. Our results provide new perspectives on both the functions that GNNs learned and the current benchmarks for evaluating them. 

028__ Ranking-based Deep Cross-modal Hashing__arXiv:1905.04450
Author: Xuanwu Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04450
 Abstract: Cross-modal hashing has been receiving increasing interests for its low storage cost and fast query speed in multi-modal data retrievals. However, most existing hashing methods are based on hand-crafted or raw level features of objects, which may not be optimally compatible with the coding process. Besides, these hashing methods are mainly designed to handle simple pairwise similarity. The complex multilevel ranking semantic structure of instances associated with multiple labels has not been well explored yet. In this paper, we propose a ranking-based deep cross-modal hashing approach (RDCMH). RDCMH firstly uses the feature and label information of data to derive a semi-supervised semantic ranking list. Next, to expand the semantic representation power of hand-crafted features, RDCMH integrates the semantic ranking information into deep cross-modal hashing and jointly optimizes the compatible parameters of deep feature representations and of hashing functions. Experiments on real multi-modal datasets show that RDCMH outperforms other competitive baselines and achieves the state-of-the-art performance in cross-modal retrieval applications. 

029__ Adaptive Filter Pruning for Deep Model Compression__arXiv:1905.04446
Author: Pravendra Singh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04446
 Abstract: While convolutional neural networks (CNN) have achieved impressive performance on various classification/recognition tasks, they typically consist of a massive number of parameters. This results in significant memory requirement as well as computational overheads. Consequently, there is a growing need for filter-level pruning approaches for compressing CNN based models that not only reduce the total number of parameters but reduce the overall computation as well. We present a new min-max framework for filter-level pruning of CNNs. Our framework, called Play and Prune (PP), jointly prunes and fine-tunes CNN model parameters, with an adaptive pruning rate, while maintaining the model's predictive performance. Our framework consists of two modules: (1) An adaptive filter pruning (AFP) module, which minimizes the number of filters in the model; and (2) A pruning rate controller (PRC) module, which maximizes the accuracy during pruning. Moreover, unlike most previous approaches, our approach allows directly specifying the desired error tolerance instead of pruning level. Our compressed models can be deployed at run-time, without requiring any special libraries or hardware. Our approach reduces the number of parameters of VGG-16 by an impressive factor of 17.5X, and number of FLOPS by 6.43X, with no loss of accuracy, significantly outperforming other state-of-the-art filter pruning methods. 

030__ An Innovative  Learning-Based Framework__arXiv:1905.04423
Author: Ting-Ru Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04423
 Abstract: Machine learning applied to architecture design presents a promising opportunity with broad applications. Recent deep reinforcement learning (DRL) techniques, in particular, enable efficient exploration in vast design spaces where conventional design strategies may be inadequate. This paper proposes a novel deep reinforcement framework, taking routerless networks-on-chip (NoC) as an evaluation case study. The new framework successfully resolves problems with prior design approaches being either unreliable due to random searches or inflexible due to severe design space restrictions. The framework learns (near-)optimal loop placement for routerless NoCs with various design constraints. A deep neural network is developed using parallel threads that efficiently explore the immense routerless NoC design space with a Monte Carlo search tree. Experimental results show that, compared with conventional mesh, the proposed deep reinforcement learning (DRL) routerless design achieves a 3.25x increase in throughput, 1.6x reduction in packet latency, and 5x reduction in power. Compared with the state-of-the-art routerless NoC, DRL achieves a 1.47x increase in throughput, 1.18x reduction in packet latency, and 1.14x reduction in average hop count albeit with slightly more power overhead. 

031__ Few-Shot Learning with Embedded Class Models and Shot-Free Meta Training__arXiv:1905.04398
Author: Avinash Ravichandran
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04398
 Abstract: We propose a method for learning embeddings for few-shot learning that is suitable for use with any number of ways and any number of shots (shot-free). Rather than fixing the class prototypes to be the Euclidean average of sample embeddings, we allow them to live in a higher-dimensional space (embedded class models) and learn the prototypes along with the model parameters. The class representation function is defined implicitly, which allows us to deal with a variable number of shots per each class with a simple constant-size architecture. The class embedding encompasses metric learning, that facilitates adding new classes without crowding the class representation space. Despite being general and not tuned to the benchmark, our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on the standard few-shot benchmark datasets. 

032__ Ink removal from histopathology whole slide images by combining  classification, detection and image generation models__arXiv:1905.04385
Author: Sharib Ali
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04385
 Abstract: Histopathology slides are routinely marked by pathologists using permanent ink markers that should not be removed as they form part of the medical record. Often tumour regions are marked up for the purpose of highlighting features or other downstream processing such an gene sequencing. Once digitised there is no established method for removing this information from the whole slide images limiting its usability in research and study. Removal of marker ink from these high-resolution whole slide images is non-trivial and complex problem as they contaminate different regions and in an inconsistent manner. We propose an efficient pipeline using convolution neural networks that results in ink-free images without compromising information and image resolution. Our pipeline includes a sequential classical convolution neural network for accurate classification of contaminated image tiles, a fast region detector and a domain adaptive cycle consistent adversarial generative model for restoration of foreground pixels. Both quantitative and qualitative results on four different whole slide images show that our approach yields visually coherent ink-free whole slide images. 

033__ A Novel Technological Strategy for Intellectual  Property Protection of Convolutional Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.04368
Author: Lixin Fan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04368
 Abstract: In order to prevent deep neural networks from being infringed by unauthorized parties, we propose a generic solution which embeds a designated digital passport into a network, and subsequently, either paralyzes the network functionalities for unauthorized usages or maintain its functionalities in the presence of a verified passport. Such a desired network behavior is successfully demonstrated in a number of implementation schemes, which provide reliable, preventive and timely protections against tens of thousands of fake-passport deceptions. Extensive experiments also show that the deep neural network performance under unauthorized usages deteriorate significantly (e.g. with 33% to 82% reductions of CIFAR10 classification accuracies), while networks endorsed with valid passports remain intact. 

034__ Multiclass Language Identification using Deep Learning on Spectral  Images of Audio Signals__arXiv:1905.04348
Author: Shauna Revay
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04348
 Abstract: The first step in any voice recognition software is to determine what language a speaker is using, and ideally this process would be automated. The technique described in this paper, language identification for audio spectrograms (LIFAS), uses spectrograms generated from audio signals as inputs to a convolutional neural network (CNN) to be used for language identification. LIFAS requires minimal pre-processing on the audio signals as the spectrograms are generated during each batch as they are input to the network during training. LIFAS utilizes deep learning tools that are shown to be successful on image processing tasks and applies it to audio signal classification. LIFAS performs binary language classification with an accuracy of 97\%, and multi-class classification with six languages at an accuracy of 89\% on 3.75 second audio clips. 

035__ An Efficient Reachability-Based Framework for Provably Safe Autonomous  Navigation in Unknown Environments__arXiv:1905.00532
Author: Andrea Bajcsy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00532
 Abstract: Real-world autonomous vehicles often operate in a priori unknown environments. Since most of these systems are safety-critical, it is important to ensure they operate safely in the face of environment uncertainty, such as unseen obstacles. Current safety analysis tools enable autonomous systems to reason about safety given full information about the state of the environment a priori. However, these tools do not scale well to scenarios where the environment is being sensed in real time, such as during navigation tasks. In this work, we propose a novel, real-time safety analysis method based on Hamilton-Jacobi reachability that provides strong safety guarantees despite environment uncertainty. Our safety method is planner-agnostic and provides guarantees for a variety of mapping sensors. We demonstrate our approach in simulation and in hardware to provide safety guarantees around a state-of-the-art vision-based, learning-based planner. 

036__ Efficient Multi-level Correlating for Visual Tracking__arXiv:1810.05810
Author: Yipeng Ma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1810.05810
 Abstract: Correlation filter (CF) based tracking algorithms have demonstrated favorable performance recently. Nevertheless, the top performance trackers always employ complicated optimization methods which constraint their real-time applications. How to accelerate the tracking speed while retaining the tracking accuracy is a significant issue. In this paper, we propose a multi-level CF-based tracking approach named MLCFT which further explores the potential capacity of CF with two-stage detection: primal detection and oriented re-detection. The cascaded detection scheme is simple but competent to prevent model drift and accelerate the speed. An effective fusion method based on relative entropy is introduced to combine the complementary features extracted from deep and shallow layers of convolutional neural networks (CNN). Moreover, a novel online model update strategy is utilized in our tracker, which enhances the tracking performance further. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms the most state-of-the-art trackers while tracking at speed of exceeded 16 frames per second on challenging benchmarks. 

037__ High Performance Visual Tracking with Circular and Structural Operators__arXiv:1804.08208
Author: Peng Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1804.08208
 Abstract: In this paper, a novel circular and structural operator tracker (CSOT) is proposed for high performance visual tracking, it not only possesses the powerful discriminative capability of SOSVM but also efficiently inherits the superior computational efficiency of DCF. Based on the proposed circular and structural operators, a set of primal confidence score maps can be obtained by circular correlating feature maps with their corresponding structural correlation filters. Furthermore, an implicit interpolation is applied to convert the multi-resolution feature maps to the continuous domain and make all primal confidence score maps have the same spatial resolution. Then, we exploit an efficient ensemble post-processor based on relative entropy, which can coalesce primal confidence score maps and create an optimal confidence score map for more accurate localization. The target is localized on the peak of the optimal confidence score map. Besides, we introduce a collaborative optimization strategy to update circular and structural operators by iteratively training structural correlation filters, which significantly reduces computational complexity and improves robustness. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance in mean AUC scores of 71.5% and 69.4% on the OTB-2013 and OTB-2015 benchmarks respectively, and obtains a third-best expected average overlap (EAO) score of 29.8% on the VOT-2017 benchmark. 

038__ Large Margin Structured Convolution Operator for Thermal Infrared Object  Tracking__arXiv:1804.07006
Author: Peng Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1804.07006
 Abstract: Compared with visible object tracking, thermal infrared (TIR) object tracking can track an arbitrary target in total darkness since it cannot be influenced by illumination variations. However, there are many unwanted attributes that constrain the potentials of TIR tracking, such as the absence of visual color patterns and low resolutions. Recently, structured output support vector machine (SOSVM) and discriminative correlation filter (DCF) have been successfully applied to visible object tracking, respectively. Motivated by these, in this paper, we propose a large margin structured convolution operator (LMSCO) to achieve efficient TIR object tracking. To improve the tracking performance, we employ the spatial regularization and implicit interpolation to obtain continuous deep feature maps, including deep appearance features and deep motion features, of the TIR targets. Finally, a collaborative optimization strategy is exploited to significantly update the operators. Our approach not only inherits the advantage of the strong discriminative capability of SOSVM but also achieves accurate and robust tracking with higher-dimensional features and more dense samples. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to incorporate the advantages of DCF and SOSVM for TIR object tracking. Comprehensive evaluations on two thermal infrared tracking benchmarks, i.e. VOT-TIR2015 and VOT-TIR2016, clearly demonstrate that our LMSCO tracker achieves impressive results and outperforms most state-of-the-art trackers in terms of accuracy and robustness with sufficient frame rate. 