------------------------------
Mon, May 27  2019
------------------------------
16 new papers today.

001__ Unsupervised Machine Learning for the Discovery of Latent Disease  Clusters and Patient Subgroups Using Electronic Health Records__arXiv:1905.10309
Author: Yanshan Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10309
 Abstract: Machine learning has become ubiquitous and a key technology on mining electronic health records (EHRs) for facilitating clinical research and practice. Unsupervised machine learning, as opposed to supervised learning, has shown promise in identifying novel patterns and relations from EHRs without using human created labels. In this paper, we investigate the application of unsupervised machine learning models in discovering latent disease clusters and patient subgroups based on EHRs. We utilized Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), a generative probabilistic model, and proposed a novel model named Poisson Dirichlet Model (PDM), which extends the LDA approach using a Poisson distribution to model patients' disease diagnoses and to alleviate age and sex factors by considering both observed and expected observations. In the empirical experiments, we evaluated LDA and PDM on three patient cohorts with EHR data retrieved from the Rochester Epidemiology Project (REP), for the discovery of latent disease clusters and patient subgroups. We compared the effectiveness of LDA and PDM in identifying latent disease clusters through the visualization of disease representations learned by two approaches. We also tested the performance of LDA and PDM in differentiating patient subgroups through survival analysis, as well as statistical analysis. The experimental results show that the proposed PDM could effectively identify distinguished disease clusters by alleviating the impact of age and sex, and that LDA could stratify patients into more differentiable subgroups than PDM in terms of p-values. However, the subgroups discovered by PDM might imply the underlying patterns of diseases of greater interest in epidemiology research due to the alleviation of age and sex. Both unsupervised machine learning approaches could be leveraged to discover patient subgroups using EHRs but with different foci. 

002__ Attack Scenarios in Industrial Applications__arXiv:1905.10292
Author: Simon D. Duque Anton
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10292
 Abstract: In the past years, industrial networks have become increasingly interconnected and opened to private or public networks. This leads to an increase in efficiency and manageability, but also increases the attack surface. Industrial networks often consist of legacy systems that have not been designed with security in mind. In the last decade, an increase in attacks on cyber-physical systems was observed, with drastic consequences on the physical work. In this work, attack vectors on industrial networks are categorised. A real-world process is simulated, attacks are then introduced. Finally, two machine learning-based methods for time series anomaly detection are employed to detect the attacks. Matrix Profiles are employed more successfully than a predictor Long Short-Term Memory network, a class of neural networks. 

003__ Video Inbetweening Using Direct 3D Convolutions__arXiv:1905.10240
Author: Yunpeng Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10240
 Abstract: We consider the problem of generating plausible and diverse video sequences, when we are only given a start and an end frame. This task is also known as inbetweening, and it belongs to the broader area of stochastic video generation, which is generally approached by means of recurrent neural networks (RNN). In this paper, we propose instead a fully convolutional model to generate video sequences directly in the pixel domain. We first obtain a latent video representation using a stochastic fusion mechanism that learns how to incorporate information from the start and end frames. Our model learns to produce such latent representation by progressively increasing the temporal resolution, and then decode in the spatiotemporal domain using 3D convolutions. The model is trained end-to-end by minimizing an adversarial loss. Experiments on several widely-used benchmark datasets show that it is able to generate meaningful and diverse in-between video sequences, according to both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. 

004__ Adaptive Symmetric Reward Noising for Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.10144
Author: Refael Vivanti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10144
 Abstract: Recent reinforcement learning algorithms, though achieving impressive results in various fields, suffer from brittle training effects such as regression in results and high sensitivity to initialization and parameters. We claim that some of the brittleness stems from variance differences, i.e. when different environment areas - states and/or actions - have different rewards variance. This causes two problems: First, the "Boring Areas Trap" in algorithms such as Q-learning, where moving between areas depends on the current area variance, and getting out of a boring area is hard due to its low variance. Second, the "Manipulative Consultant" problem, when value-estimation functions used in DQN and Actor-Critic algorithms influence the agent to prefer boring areas, regardless of the mean rewards return, as they maximize estimation precision rather than rewards. This sheds a new light on how exploration contribute to training, as it helps with both challenges. Cognitive experiments in humans showed that noised reward signals may paradoxically improve performance. We explain this using the two mentioned problems, claiming that both humans and algorithms may share similar challenges. Inspired by this result, we propose the Adaptive Symmetric Reward Noising (ASRN), by which we mean adding Gaussian noise to rewards according to their states' estimated variance, thus avoiding the two problems while not affecting the environment's mean rewards behavior. We conduct our experiments in a Multi Armed Bandit problem with variance differences. We demonstrate that a Q-learning algorithm shows the brittleness effect in this problem, and that the ASRN scheme can dramatically improve the results. We show that ASRN helps a DQN algorithm training process reach better results in an end to end autonomous driving task using the AirSim driving simulator. 

005__ Deploying AI Frameworks on Secure HPC Systems with Containers__arXiv:1905.10090
Author: David Brayford
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10090
 Abstract: The increasing interest in the usage of Artificial Intelligence techniques (AI) from the research community and industry to tackle "real world" problems, requires High Performance Computing (HPC) resources to efficiently compute and scale complex algorithms across thousands of nodes. Unfortunately, typical data scientists are not familiar with the unique requirements and characteristics of HPC environments. They usually develop their applications with high-level scripting languages or frameworks such as TensorFlow and the installation process often requires connection to external systems to download open source software during the build. HPC environments, on the other hand, are often based on closed source applications that incorporate parallel and distributed computing API's such as MPI and OpenMP, while users have restricted administrator privileges, and face security restrictions such as not allowing access to external systems. In this paper we discuss the issues associated with the deployment of AI frameworks in a secure HPC environment and how we successfully deploy AI frameworks on SuperMUC-NG with Charliecloud. 

006__ Perspective Crowd Counting via Spatial Convolutional Network__arXiv:1905.10085
Author: Junyu Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10085
 Abstract: Crowd counting from a single image is a challenging task due to high appearance similarity, perspective changes and severe congestion. Many methods only focus on the local appearance features and they cannot handle the aforementioned challenges. In order to tackle them, we propose a Perspective Crowd Counting Network (PCC Net), which consists of three parts: 1) Density Map Estimation (DME) focuses on learning very local features for density map estimation; 2) Random High-level Density Classification (R-HDC) extracts global features to predict the coarse density labels of random patches in images; 3) Fore-/Background Segmentation (FBS) encodes mid-level features to segments the foreground and background. Besides, the DULR module is embedded in PCC Net to encode the perspective changes on four directions (Down, Up, Left and Right). The proposed PCC Net is verified on five mainstream datasets, which achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the one and attains the competitive results on the other four datasets. The source code is available at this https URL 

007__ Paving the Last Mile of Artificial Intelligence with  Edge Computing__arXiv:1905.10083
Author: Zhi Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10083
 Abstract: With the breakthroughs in deep learning, the recent years have witnessed a booming of artificial intelligence (AI) applications and services, spanning from personal assistant to recommendation systems to video/audio surveillance. More recently, with the proliferation of mobile computing and Internet-of-Things (IoT), billions of mobile and IoT devices are connected to the Internet, generating zillions Bytes of data at the network edge. Driving by this trend, there is an urgent need to push the AI frontiers to the network edge so as to fully unleash the potential of the edge big data. To meet this demand, edge computing, an emerging paradigm that pushes computing tasks and services from the network core to the network edge, has been widely recognized as a promising solution. The resulted new inter-discipline, edge AI or edge intelligence, is beginning to receive a tremendous amount of interest. However, research on edge intelligence is still in its infancy stage, and a dedicated venue for exchanging the recent advances of edge intelligence is highly desired by both the computer system and artificial intelligence communities. To this end, we conduct a comprehensive survey of the recent research efforts on edge intelligence. Specifically, we first review the background and motivation for artificial intelligence running at the network edge. We then provide an overview of the overarching architectures, frameworks and emerging key technologies for deep learning model towards training/inference at the network edge. Finally, we discuss future research opportunities on edge intelligence. We believe that this survey will elicit escalating attentions, stimulate fruitful discussions and inspire further research ideas on edge intelligence. 

008__ Spatial-temporal Graph to Sequence Model for Multi-step  Passenger Demand Forecasting__arXiv:1905.10069
Author: Lei Bai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10069
 Abstract: Multi-step passenger demand forecasting is a crucial task in on-demand vehicle sharing services. However, predicting passenger demand over multiple time horizons is generally challenging due to the nonlinear and dynamic spatial-temporal dependencies. In this work, we propose to model multi-step citywide passenger demand prediction based on a graph and use a hierarchical graph convolutional structure to capture both spatial and temporal correlations simultaneously. Our model consists of three parts: 1) a long-term encoder to encode historical passenger demands; 2) a short-term encoder to derive the next-step prediction for generating multi-step prediction; 3) an attention-based output module to model the dynamic temporal and channel-wise information. Experiments on three real-world datasets show that our model consistently outperforms many baseline methods and state-of-the-art models. 

009__ Personalizing Dialogue Agents via Meta-Learning__arXiv:1905.10033
Author: Zhaojiang Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10033
 Abstract: Existing personalized dialogue models use human designed persona descriptions to improve dialogue consistency. Collecting such descriptions from existing dialogues is expensive and requires hand-crafted feature designs. In this paper, we propose to extend Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML)(Finn et al., 2017) to personalized dialogue learning without using any persona descriptions. Our model learns to quickly adapt to new personas by leveraging only a few dialogue samples collected from the same user, which is fundamentally different from conditioning the response on the persona descriptions. Empirical results on Persona-chat dataset (Zhang et al., 2018) indicate that our solution outperforms non-meta-learning baselines using automatic evaluation metrics, and in terms of human-evaluated fluency and consistency. 

010__ Neural Temporal-Difference Learning Converges to Global Optima__arXiv:1905.10027
Author: Qi Cai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10027
 Abstract: Temporal-difference learning (TD), coupled with neural networks, is among the most fundamental building blocks of deep reinforcement learning. However, due to the nonlinearity in value function approximation, such a coupling leads to nonconvexity and even divergence in optimization. As a result, the global convergence of neural TD remains unclear. In this paper, we prove for the first time that neural TD converges at a sublinear rate to the global optimum of the mean-squared projected Bellman error for policy evaluation. In particular, we show how such global convergence is enabled by the overparametrization of neural networks, which also plays a vital role in the empirical success of neural TD. Beyond policy evaluation, we establish the global convergence of neural (soft) Q-learning, which is further connected to that of policy gradient algorithms. 

011__ Graph Representations for Higher-Order Logic and Theorem Proving__arXiv:1905.10006
Author: Aditya Paliwal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10006
 Abstract: This paper presents the first use of graph neural networks (GNNs) for higher-order proof search and demonstrates that GNNs can improve upon state-of-the-art results in this domain. Interactive, higher-order theorem provers allow for the formalization of most mathematical theories and have been shown to pose a significant challenge for deep learning. Higher-order logic is highly expressive and, even though it is well-structured with a clearly defined grammar and semantics, there still remains no well-established method to convert formulas into graph-based representations. In this paper, we consider several graphical representations of higher-order logic and evaluate them against the HOList benchmark for higher-order theorem proving. 

012__ Robust Attribution Regularization__arXiv:1905.09957
Author: Jiefeng Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09957
 Abstract: An emerging problem in trustworthy machine learning is to train models that produce robust interpretations for their predictions. We take a step towards solving this problem through the lens of axiomatic attribution of neural networks. Our theory is grounded in the recent work, Integrated Gradients (IG), in axiomatically attributing a neural network's output change to its input change. We propose training objectives in classic robust optimization models to achieve robust IG attributions. Our objectives give principled generalizations of previous objectives designed for robust predictions, and they naturally degenerate to classic soft-margin training for one-layer neural networks. We also generalize previous theory and prove that the objectives for different robust optimization models are closely related. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, and also point to intriguing problems which hint at the need for better optimization techniques or better neural network architectures for robust attribution training. 

013__ Deep density ratio estimation for change point detection__arXiv:1905.09876
Author: Haidar Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09876
 Abstract: In this work, we propose new objective functions to train deep neural network based density ratio estimators and apply it to a change point detection problem. Existing methods use linear combinations of kernels to approximate the density ratio function by solving a convex constrained minimization problem. Approximating the density ratio function using a deep neural network requires defining a suitable objective function to optimize. We formulate and compare objective functions that can be minimized using gradient descent and show that the network can effectively learn to approximate the density ratio function. Using our deep density ratio estimation objective function results in better performance on a seizure detection task than other (kernel and neural network based) density ratio estimation methods and other window-based change point detection algorithms. We also show that the method can still support other neural network architectures, such as convolutional networks. 

014__ Interpreting a Recurrent Neural Network Model for ICU Mortality Using  Learned Binary Masks__arXiv:1905.09865
Author: Long V. Ho
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09865
 Abstract: An attribution method was developed to interpret a recurrent neural network (RNN) trained to predict a child's risk of ICU mortality using multi-modal, time series data in the Electronic Medical Records. By learning a sparse, binary mask that highlights salient features of the input data, critical features determining an individual patient's severity of illness could be identified. The method, called Learned Binary Masks (LBM), demonstrated that the RNN used different feature sets specific to each patient's illness; and further, the features highlighted aligned with clinical intuition of the patient's disease trajectories. LBM was also used to identify the most salient features across the model, analogous to "feature importance" computed in the Random Forest. This measure of the RNN's feature importance was further used to select the 25% most used features for training a second RNN model. Interestingly, but not surprisingly, the second model maintained similar performance to the model trained on all features. LBM is data-agnostic and can be used to interpret the predictions of any differentiable model. 

015__ An Alternative Approach for  Continuous Control__arXiv:1905.09855
Author: Chen Tessler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09855
 Abstract: We identify a fundamental problem in policy gradient-based methods in continuous control. As policy gradient methods require the agent's underlying probability distribution, they limit policy representation to parametric distribution classes. We show that optimizing over such sets results in local movement in the action space and thus convergence to sub-optimal solutions. We suggest a novel distributional framework, able to represent arbitrary distribution functions over the continuous action space. Using this framework, we construct a generative scheme, trained using an off-policy actor-critic paradigm, which we call the Generative Actor Critic (GAC). Compared to policy gradient methods, GAC does not require knowledge of the underlying probability distribution, thereby overcoming these limitations. Empirical evaluation shows that our approach is comparable and often surpasses current state-of-the-art baselines in continuous domains. 

016__ Releasing Time Series Privately__arXiv:1808.01949
Author: Ferdinando Fioretto
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1808.01949
 Abstract: Many applications of machine learning and optimization operate on data streams. While these datasets are fundamental to fuel decision-making algorithms, often they contain sensitive information about individuals and their usage poses significant privacy risks. Motivated by an application in energy systems, this paper presents OPTSTREAM, a novel algorithm for releasing differentially private data streams under the w-event model of privacy. OPTSTREAM is a 4-step procedure consisting of sampling, perturbation, reconstruction, and post-processing modules. First, the sampling module selects a small set of points to access in each period of interest. Then, the perturbation module adds noise to the sampled data points to guarantee privacy. Next, the reconstruction module reassembles non-sampled data points from the perturbed sample points. Finally, the post-processing module uses convex optimization over the private output of the previous modules, as well as the private answers of additional queries on the data stream, to improve accuracy by redistributing the added noise. OPTSTREAM is evaluated on a test case involving the release of a real data stream from the largest European transmission operator. Experimental results show that OPTSTREAM may not only improve the accuracy of state-of-the-art methods by at least one order of magnitude but also supports accurate load forecasting on the private data. 