------------------------------
Sat, May 04  2019
------------------------------
19 new papers today.

001__ A Rule-based Approach for Knowledge Authoring and Question  Answering__arXiv:1905.00840
Author: Tiantian Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00840
 Abstract: Knowledge representation and reasoning (KRR) is one of the key areas in artificial intelligence (AI) field. It is intended to represent the world knowledge in formal languages (e.g., Prolog, SPARQL) and then enhance the expert systems to perform querying and inference tasks. Currently, constructing large scale knowledge bases (KBs) with high quality is prohibited by the fact that the construction process requires many qualified knowledge engineers who not only understand the domain-specific knowledge but also have sufficient skills in knowledge representation. Unfortunately, qualified knowledge engineers are in short supply. Therefore, it would be very useful to build a tool that allows the user to construct and query the KB simply via text. Although there is a number of systems developed for knowledge extraction and question answering, they mainly fail in that these system don't achieve high enough accuracy whereas KRR is highly sensitive to erroneous data. In this thesis proposal, I will present Knowledge Authoring Logic Machine (KALM), a rule-based system which allows the user to author knowledge and query the KB in text. The experimental results show that KALM achieved superior accuracy in knowledge authoring and question answering as compared to the state-of-the-art systems. 

002__ The Collective Intelligence for Advancing Communications__arXiv:1905.00719
Author: Rongpeng Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00719
 Abstract: The fifth-generation cellular networks (5G) has boosted the unprecedented convergence between the information world and physical world. On the other hand, empowered with the enormous amount of data and information, artificial intelligence (AI) has been universally applied and pervasive AI is believed to be an integral part of the future cellular networks (e.g., beyond 5G, B5G). Consequently, benefiting from the advancement in communication technology and AI, we boldly argue that the conditions for collective intelligence (CI) will be mature in the B5G era and CI will emerge among the widely connected beings and things. Afterwards, we introduce a regular language (i.e., the information economy metalanguage) supporting the future communications among agents and augment human intelligence. Meanwhile, we demonstrate the achievement of agents in a simulated scenario where the agents collectively work together to form a pattern through simple indirect communications. Finally, we discuss an anytime universal intelligence test model to evaluate the intelligence level of collective agents. 

003__ Impact of Argument Type and Concerns in Argumentation with a Chatbot__arXiv:1905.00646
Author: Lisa A. Chalaguine
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00646
 Abstract: Conversational agents, also known as chatbots, are versatile tools that have the potential of being used in dialogical argumentation. They could possibly be deployed in tasks such as persuasion for behaviour change (e.g. persuading people to eat more fruit, to take regular exercise, etc.) However, to achieve this, there is a need to develop methods for acquiring appropriate arguments and counterargument that reflect both sides of the discussion. For instance, to persuade someone to do regular exercise, the chatbot needs to know counterarguments that the user might have for not doing exercise. To address this need, we present methods for acquiring arguments and counterarguments, and importantly, meta-level information that can be useful for deciding when arguments can be used during an argumentation dialogue. We evaluate these methods in studies with participants and show how harnessing these methods in a chatbot can make it more persuasive. 

004__ Truth Discovery via Proxy Voting__arXiv:1905.00629
Author: Reshef Meir
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00629
 Abstract: Truth discovery is a general name for a broad range of statistical methods aimed to extract the correct answers to questions, based on multiple answers coming from noisy sources. For example, workers in a crowdsourcing platform. In this paper, we design simple truth discovery methods inspired by \emph{proxy voting}, that give higher weight to workers whose answers are close to those of other workers. We prove that under standard statistical assumptions, proxy-based truth discovery (\PTD) allows us to estimate the true competence of each worker, whether workers face questions whose answers are real-valued, categorical, or rankings. We then demonstrate through extensive empirical study on synthetic and real data that \PTD is substantially better than unweighted aggregation, and competes well with other truth discovery methods, in all of the above domains. 

005__ Alternative Techniques for Mapping Paths to HLAI__arXiv:1905.00614
Author: Ross Gruetzemacher
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00614
 Abstract: The only systematic mapping of the HLAI technical landscape was conducted at a workshop in 2009 [Adams et al., 2012]. However, the results from it were not what organizers had hoped for [Goertzel 2014, 2016], merely just a series of milestones, up to 50% of which could be argued to have been completed already. We consider two more recent articles outlining paths to human-like intelligence [Mikolov et al., 2016; Lake et al., 2017]. These offer technical and more refined assessments of the requirements for HLAI rather than just milestones. While useful, they also have limitations. To address these limitations we propose the use of alternative techniques for an updated systematic mapping of the paths to HLAI. The newly proposed alternative techniques can model complex paths of future technologies using intricate directed graphs. Specifically, there are two classes of alternative techniques that we consider: scenario mapping methods and techniques for eliciting expert opinion through digital platforms and crowdsourcing. We assess the viability and utility of both the previous and alternative techniques, finding that the proposed alternative techniques could be very beneficial in advancing the existing body of knowledge on the plausible frameworks for creating HLAI. In conclusion, we encourage discussion and debate to initiate efforts to use these proposed techniques for mapping paths to HLAI. 

006__ A knowledge-based intelligence system for control of dirt recognition  process in the smart washing machines__arXiv:1905.00607
Author: Mohsen Annabestani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00607
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose an intelligence approach based on fuzzy logic to modeling human intelligence in washing clothes. At first, an intelligent feedback loop is designed for perception-based sensing of dirt inspired by human color understanding. Then, when color stains leak out of some colored clothes the human probabilistic decision making is computationally modeled to detect this stain leakage and thus the problem of recognizing dirt from stain can be considered in the washing process. Finally, we discuss the fuzzy control of washing clothes and design and simulate a smart controller based on the fuzzy intelligence feedback loop. 

007__ The relationship between Biological and Artificial Intelligence__arXiv:1905.00547
Author: George Cevora
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00547
 Abstract: Intelligence can be defined as a predominantly human ability to accomplish tasks that are generally hard for computers and animals. Artificial Intelligence [AI] is a field attempting to accomplish such tasks with computers. AI is becoming increasingly widespread, as are claims of its relationship with Biological Intelligence. Often these claims are made to imply higher chances of a given technology succeeding, working on the assumption that AI systems which mimic the mechanisms of Biological Intelligence should be more successful. In this article I will discuss the similarities and differences between AI and the extent of our knowledge about the mechanisms of intelligence in biology, especially within humans. I will also explore the validity of the assumption that biomimicry in AI systems aids their advancement, and I will argue that existing similarity to biological systems in the way Artificial Neural Networks [ANNs] tackle tasks is due to design decisions, rather than inherent similarity of underlying mechanisms. This article is aimed at people who understand the basics of AI (especially ANNs), and would like to be better able to evaluate the often wild claims about the value of biomimicry in AI. 

008__ From Abstractions to "Natural Languages" for Planning Agents__arXiv:1905.00517
Author: Yu Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00517
 Abstract: Despite our unique ability to use natural languages, we know little about their origins like how they are created and evolved. The answer lies deeply in the evolution of our cognitive and social abilities over a very long period of time which is beyond our scrutiny. Existing studies on the origin of languages are often focused on the emergence of specific language features (such as recursion) without supporting a comprehensive view. Investigation of restricted language representations, such as temporal logic, unfortunately does not reveal much about the impetus underlying language formation and evolution, since much of their construction is based on natural languages themselves. In this paper, we investigate the origin of "natural languages" in a restricted setting involving only planning agents. Similar to a common view that considers languages as a tool for grounding symbols to semantic meanings, we take the view that a language for planning agents is a tool for grounding symbols to physical configurations. From this perspective, a language is used by the agents to coordinate their behaviors during planning. With a few assumptions, we show that language is closely connected to a type of domain abstractions, based on which a language can be constructed. We study how such abstractions can be identified and discuss how to use them during planning. We apply our method to several domains, discuss the results, and relaxation of the assumptions made. 

009__ A Cross-Fertilization__arXiv:1905.00787
Author: Daniel Kirchner
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00787
 Abstract: Computational philosophy is the use of mechanized computational techniques to unearth philosophical insights that are either difficult or impossible to find using traditional philosophical methods. Computational metaphysics is computational philosophy with a focus on metaphysics. In this paper, we (a) develop results in modal metaphysics whose discovery was computer assisted, and (b) conclude that these results work not only to the obvious benefit of philosophy but also, less obviously, to the benefit of computer science, since the new computational techniques that led to these results may be more broadly applicable within computer science. The paper includes a description of our background methodology and how it evolved, and a discussion of our new results. 

010__ Galaxy Learning -- A Position Paper__arXiv:1905.00753
Author: Chao Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00753
 Abstract: The recent rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI, mainly driven by machine learning research, especially deep learning) has achieved phenomenal success in various applications. However, to further apply AI technologies in real-world context, several significant issues regarding the AI ecosystem should be addressed. We identify the main issues as data privacy, ownership, and exchange, which are difficult to be solved with the current centralized paradigm of machine learning training methodology. As a result, we propose a novel model training paradigm based on blockchain, named Galaxy Learning, which aims to train a model with distributed data and to reserve the data ownership for their owners. In this new paradigm, encrypted models are moved around instead, and are federated once trained. Model training, as well as the communication, is achieved with blockchain and its smart contracts. Pricing of training data is determined by its contribution, and therefore it is not about the exchange of data ownership. In this position paper, we describe the motivation, paradigm, design, and challenges as well as opportunities of Galaxy Learning. 

011__ The Transfer between Action Spaces__arXiv:1905.00741
Author: Janne Karttunen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00741
 Abstract: Training agents with reinforcement learning based techniques requires thousands of steps, which translates to long training periods when applied to robots. By training the policy in a simulated environment we avoid such limitation. Typically, the action spaces in a simulation and real robot are kept as similar as possible, but if we want to use a generic simulation environment, this strategy will not work. Video games, such as Doom (1993), offer a crude but multi-purpose environments that can used for learning various tasks. However, original Doom has four discrete actions for movement and the robot in our case has two continuous actions. In this work, we study the transfer between these two different action spaces. We begin with experiments in a simulated environment, after which we validate the results with experiments on a real robot. Results show that fine-tuning initially learned network parameters leads to unreliable results, but by keeping most of the neural network frozen we obtain above $90\%$ success rate in simulation and real robot experiments. 

012__ Coordination and Trajectory Prediction for Vehicle Interactions via  Bayesian Generative Modeling__arXiv:1905.00587
Author: Jiachen Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00587
 Abstract: Coordination recognition and subtle pattern prediction of future trajectories play a significant role when modeling interactive behaviors of multiple agents. Due to the essential property of uncertainty in the future evolution, deterministic predictors are not sufficiently safe and robust. In order to tackle the task of probabilistic prediction for multiple, interactive entities, we propose a coordination and trajectory prediction system (CTPS), which has a hierarchical structure including a macro-level coordination recognition module and a micro-level subtle pattern prediction module which solves a probabilistic generation task. We illustrate two types of representation of the coordination variable: categorized and real-valued, and compare their effects and advantages based on empirical studies. We also bring the ideas of Bayesian deep learning into deep generative models to generate diversified prediction hypotheses. The proposed system is tested on multiple driving datasets in various traffic scenarios, which achieves better performance than baseline approaches in terms of a set of evaluation metrics. The results also show that using categorized coordination can better capture multi-modality and generate more diversified samples than the real-valued coordination, while the latter can generate prediction hypotheses with smaller errors with a sacrifice of sample diversity. Moreover, employing neural networks with weight uncertainty is able to generate samples with larger variance and diversity. 

013__ Adaptive Intelligent Secondary Control of Microgrids Using a  Biologically-Inspired Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.00557
Author: Mohammad Jafari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00557
 Abstract: In this paper, a biologically-inspired adaptive intelligent secondary controller is developed for microgrids to tackle system dynamics uncertainties, faults, and/or disturbances. The developed adaptive biologically-inspired controller adopts a novel computational model of emotional learning in mammalian limbic system. The learning capability of the proposed biologically-inspired intelligent controller makes it a promising approach to deal with the power system non-linear and volatile dynamics without increasing the controller complexity, and maintain the voltage and frequency stabilities by using an efficient reference tracking mechanism. The performance of the proposed intelligent secondary controller is validated in terms of the voltage and frequency absolute errors in the simulated microgrid. Simulation results highlight the efficiency and robustness of the proposed intelligent controller under the fault conditions and different system uncertainties compared to other benchmark controllers. 

014__ A Stickier Benchmark for General-Purpose Language  Understanding Systems__arXiv:1905.00537
Author: Alex Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00537
 Abstract: In the last year, new models and methods for pretraining and transfer learning have driven striking performance improvements across a range of language understanding tasks. The GLUE benchmark, introduced one year ago, offers a single-number metric that summarizes progress on a diverse set of such tasks, but performance on the benchmark has recently come close to the level of non-expert humans, suggesting limited headroom for further research. This paper recaps lessons learned from the GLUE benchmark and presents SuperGLUE, a new benchmark styled after GLUE with a new set of more difficult language understanding tasks, improved resources, and a new public leaderboard. SuperGLUE will be available soon at super.gluebenchmark.com. 

015__ Considering Robot's Capability in  Human-Robot Collaboration__arXiv:1905.00502
Author: David Paulius
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00502
 Abstract: In this work, we explore human-robot collaborative planning using the \emph{functional object-oriented network} (FOON), a graphical knowledge representation for manipulations that can be performed by domestic robots. The knowledge retrieval procedure, used for acquiring the necessary steps (as a task tree) to solve a given problem, is modified to account for weights that reflect the difficulty of performing motions in a universal FOON. These weights are given as success rates, which describe the likelihood of a robot successfully completing the action(s) on its own. However, certain manipulations may be too difficult for it to perform on its own based on its own physical limitations. To make it easier for the robot, a human can assist to the minimal extent needed to perform the activity to completion by identifying those actions with low success rates for the human to do. From our experiments, it is shown that tasks can be executed successfully with the aid of the assistant. Our results show that the best task tree can be found with the adequate chance of success in completing three activities while minimizing the effort needed from the human assistant. 

016__ The role of artificial intelligence in achieving the Sustainable  Development Goals__arXiv:1905.00501
Author: Ricardo Vinuesa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00501
 Abstract: The emergence of artificial intelligence (AI) and its progressively wider impact on many sectors across the society requires an assessment of its effect on sustainable development. Here we analyze published evidence of positive or negative impacts of AI on the achievement of each of the 17 goals and 169 targets of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. We find that AI can support the achievement of 128 targets across all SDGs, but it may also inhibit 58 targets. Notably, AI enables new technologies that improve efficiency and productivity, but it may also lead to increased inequalities among and within countries, thus hindering the achievement of the 2030 Agenda. The fast development of AI needs to be supported by appropriate policy and regulation. Otherwise, it would lead to gaps in transparency, accountability, safety and ethical standards of AI-based technology, which could be detrimental towards the development and sustainable use of AI. Finally, there is a lack of research assessing the medium- and long-term impacts of AI. It is therefore essential to reinforce the global debate regarding the use of AI and to develop the necessary regulatory insight and oversight for AI-based technologies. 

017__ Signed Distance-based Deep Memory Recommender__arXiv:1905.00453
Author: Thanh Tran
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00453
 Abstract: Personalized recommendation algorithms learn a user's preference for an item by measuring a distance/similarity between them. However, some of the existing recommendation models (e.g., matrix factorization) assume a linear relationship between the user and item. This approach limits the capacity of recommender systems, since the interactions between users and items in real-world applications are much more complex than the linear relationship. To overcome this limitation, in this paper, we design and propose a deep learning framework called Signed Distance-based Deep Memory Recommender, which captures non-linear relationships between users and items explicitly and implicitly, and work well in both general recommendation task and shopping basket-based recommendation task. Through an extensive empirical study on six real-world datasets in the two recommendation tasks, our proposed approach achieved significant improvement over ten state-of-the-art recommendation models. 

018__ Introducing Network Purification and Unused  Path Removal (P-RM) after Weight Pruning__arXiv:1905.00136
Author: Xiaolong Ma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00136
 Abstract: The state-of-art DNN structures involve high computation and great demand for memory storage which pose intensive challenge on DNN framework resources. To mitigate the challenges, weight pruning techniques has been studied. However, high accuracy solution for extreme structured pruning that combines different types of structured sparsity still waiting for unraveling due to the extremely reduced weights in DNN networks. In this paper, we propose a DNN framework which combines two different types of structured weight pruning (filter and column prune) by incorporating alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm for better prune performance. We are the first to find non-optimality of ADMM process and unused weights in a structured pruned model, and further design an optimization framework which contains the first proposed Network Purification and Unused Path Removal algorithms which are dedicated to post-processing an structured pruned model after ADMM steps. Some high lights shows we achieve 232x compression on LeNet-5, 60x compression on ResNet-18 CIFAR-10 and over 5x compression on AlexNet. We share our models at anonymous link this http URL 

019__ Graph based Entropy for Detecting Explanatory Signs of Changes in Market__arXiv:1811.12165
Author: Yukio Ohsawa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1811.12165
 Abstract: Graph based entropy, an index of the diversity of events in their distribution to parts of a co-occurrence graph, is proposed for detecting signs of structural changes in the data that are informative in explaining latent dynamics of consumers behavior. For obtaining graph-based entropy, connected subgraphs are first obtained from the graph of co-occurrences of items in the data. Then, the distribution of items occurring in events in the data to these sub-graphs is reflected on the value of graph-based entropy. For the data on the position of sale, a change in this value is regarded as a sign of the appearance, the separation, the disappearance, or the uniting of consumers interests. These phenomena are regarded as the signs of dynamic changes in consumers behavior that may be the effects of external events and information. Experiments show that graph-based entropy outperforms baseline methods that can be used for change detection, in explaining substantial changes and their signs in consumers preference of items in supermarket stores. 