------------------------------
Thu, May 09  2019
------------------------------
14 new papers today.

001__ A new direction to promote the implementation of artificial intelligence  in natural clinical settings__arXiv:1905.02940
Author: Yunyou Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02940
 Abstract: Artificial intelligence (AI) researchers claim that they have made great `achievements' in clinical realms. However, clinicians point out the so-called `achievements' have no ability to implement into natural clinical settings. The root cause for this huge gap is that many essential features of natural clinical tasks are overlooked by AI system developers without medical background. In this paper, we propose that the clinical benchmark suite is a novel and promising direction to capture the essential features of the real-world clinical tasks, hence qualifies itself for guiding the development of AI systems, promoting the implementation of AI in real-world clinical practice. 

002__ An AI for Security related Threat Intelligence__arXiv:1905.02895
Author: Sudip Mittal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02895
 Abstract: Keeping up with threat intelligence is a must for a security analyst today. There is a volume of information present in `the wild' that affects an organization. We need to develop an artificial intelligence system that scours the intelligence sources, to keep the analyst updated about various threats that pose a risk to her organization. A security analyst who is better `tapped in' can be more effective. In this paper we present, Cyber-All-Intel an artificial intelligence system to aid a security analyst. It is a system for knowledge extraction, representation and analytics in an end-to-end pipeline grounded in the cybersecurity informatics domain. It uses multiple knowledge representations like, vector spaces and knowledge graphs in a 'VKG structure' to store incoming intelligence. The system also uses neural network models to pro-actively improve its knowledge. We have also created a query engine and an alert system that can be used by an analyst to find actionable cybersecurity insights. 

003__ the Italian Cultural Heritage Knowledge Graph__arXiv:1905.02840
Author: Valentina Anita Carriero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02840
 Abstract: ArCo is the Italian Cultural Heritage knowledge graph, consisting of a network of seven vocabularies and 169 million triples about 820 thousand cultural entities. It is distributed jointly with a SPARQL endpoint, a software for converting catalogue records to RDF, and a rich suite of documentation material (testing, evaluation, how-to, examples, etc.). ArCo is based on the official General Catalogue of the Italian Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities (MiBAC) - and its associated encoding regulations - which collects and validates the catalogue records of (ideally) all Italian Cultural Heritage properties (excluding libraries and archives), contributed by CH administrators from all over Italy. We present its structure, design methods and tools, its growing community, and delineate its importance, quality, and impact. 

004__ Endoscopy artifact detection (EAD 2019) challenge dataset__arXiv:1905.03209
Author: Sharib Ali
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03209
 Abstract: Endoscopic artifacts are a core challenge in facilitating the diagnosis and treatment of diseases in hollow organs. Precise detection of specific artifacts like pixel saturations, motion blur, specular reflections, bubbles and debris is essential for high-quality frame restoration and is crucial for realizing reliable computer-assisted tools for improved patient care. At present most videos in endoscopy are currently not analyzed due to the abundant presence of multi-class artifacts in video frames. Through the endoscopic artifact detection (EAD 2019) challenge, we address this key bottleneck problem by solving the accurate identification and localization of endoscopic frame artifacts to enable further key quantitative analysis of unusable video frames such as mosaicking and 3D reconstruction which is crucial for delivering improved patient care. This paper summarizes the challenge tasks and describes the dataset and evaluation criteria established in the EAD 2019 challenge. 

005__ A Hardware-Oriented and Memory-Efficient Method for CTC Decoding__arXiv:1905.03175
Author: Siyuan Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03175
 Abstract: The Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) has achieved great success in sequence to sequence analysis tasks such as automatic speech recognition (ASR) and scene text recognition (STR). These applications can use the CTC objective function to train the recurrent neural networks (RNNs), and decode the outputs of RNNs during inference. While hardware architectures for RNNs have been studied, hardware-based CTCdecoders are desired for high-speed CTC-based inference systems. This paper, for the first time, provides a low-complexity and memory-efficient approach to build a CTC-decoder based on the beam search decoding. Firstly, we improve the beam search decoding algorithm to save the storage space. Secondly, we compress a dictionary (reduced from 26.02MB to 1.12MB) and use it as the language model. Meanwhile searching this dictionary is trivial. Finally, a fixed-point CTC-decoder for an English ASR and an STR task using the proposed method is implemented with C++ language. It is shown that the proposed method has little precision loss compared with its floating-point counterpart. Our experiments demonstrate the compression ratio of the storage required by the proposed beam search decoding algorithm are 29.49 (ASR) and 17.95 (STR). 

006__ Meta-learning of Sequential Strategies__arXiv:1905.03030
Author: Pedro A. Ortega
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03030
 Abstract: In this report we review memory-based meta-learning as a tool for building sample-efficient strategies that learn from past experience to adapt to any task within a target class. Our goal is to equip the reader with the conceptual foundations of this tool for building new, scalable agents that operate on broad domains. To do so, we present basic algorithmic templates for building near-optimal predictors and reinforcement learners which behave as if they had a probabilistic model that allowed them to efficiently exploit task structure. Furthermore, we recast memory-based meta-learning within a Bayesian framework, showing that the meta-learned strategies are near-optimal because they amortize Bayes-filtered data, where the adaptation is implemented in the memory dynamics as a state-machine of sufficient statistics. Essentially, memory-based meta-learning translates the hard problem of probabilistic sequential inference into a regression problem. 

007__ Research Challenges, Datasets, and  Recent Advances__arXiv:1905.02947
Author: Soujanya Poria
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02947
 Abstract: Emotion is intrinsic to humans and consequently emotion understanding is a key part of human-like artificial intelligence (AI). Emotion recognition in conversation (ERC) is becoming increasingly popular as a new research frontier in natural language processing (NLP) due to its ability to mine opinions from the plethora of publicly available conversational data in platforms such as Facebook, Youtube, Reddit, Twitter, and others. Moreover, it has potential applications in health-care systems (as a tool for psychological analysis), education (understanding student frustration) and more. Additionally, ERC is also extremely important for generating emotion-aware dialogues that require an understanding of the user's emotions. Catering to these needs calls for effective and scalable conversational emotion-recognition algorithms. However, it is a strenuous problem to solve because of several research challenges. In this paper, we discuss these challenges and shed light on the recent research in this field. We also describe the drawbacks of these approaches and discuss the reasons why they fail to successfully overcome the research challenges in ERC. 

008__ Robust Federated Training via Collaborative Machine Teaching using  Trusted Instances__arXiv:1905.02941
Author: Yufei Han
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02941
 Abstract: Federated learning performs distributed model training using local data hosted by agents. It shares only model parameter updates for iterative aggregation at the server. Although it is privacy-preserving by design, federated learning is vulnerable to noise corruption of local agents, as demonstrated in the previous study on adversarial data poisoning threat against federated learning systems. Even a single noise-corrupted agent can bias the model training. In our work, we propose a collaborative and privacy-preserving machine teaching paradigm with multiple distributed teachers, to improve robustness of the federated training process against local data corruption. We assume that each local agent (teacher) have the resources to verify a small portions of trusted instances, which may not by itself be adequate for learning. In the proposed collaborative machine teaching method, these trusted instances guide the distributed agents to jointly select a compact while informative training subset from data hosted by their own. Simultaneously, the agents learn to add changes of limited magnitudes into the selected data instances, in order to improve the testing performances of the federally trained model despite of the training data corruption. Experiments on toy and real data demonstrate that our approach can identify training set bugs effectively and suggest appropriate changes to the labels. Our algorithm is a step toward trustworthy machine learning. 

009__ Spiral Convolutional Networks for 3D Shape  Representation Learning and Generation__arXiv:1905.02876
Author: Giorgos Bouritsas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02876
 Abstract: Generative models for 3D geometric data arise in many important applications in 3D computer vision and graphics. In this paper, we focus on 3D deformable shapes that share a common topological structure, such as human faces and bodies. Morphable Models were among the first attempts to create compact representations for such shapes; despite their effectiveness and simplicity, such models have limited representation power due to their linear formulation. Recently, non-linear learnable methods have been proposed, although most of them resort to intermediate representations, such as 3D grids of voxels or 2D views. In this paper, we introduce a convolutional mesh autoencoder and a GAN architecture based on the spiral convolutional operator, acting directly on the mesh and leveraging its underlying geometric structure. We provide an analysis of our convolution operator and demonstrate state-of-the-art results on 3D shape datasets compared to the linear Morphable Model and the recently proposed COMA model. 

010__ Understanding attention in graph neural networks__arXiv:1905.02850
Author: Boris Knyazev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02850
 Abstract: We aim to better understand attention over nodes in graph neural networks and identify factors influencing its effectiveness. Motivated by insights from the work on Graph Isomorphism Networks (Xu et al., 2019), we design simple graph reasoning tasks that allow us to study attention in a controlled environment. We find that under typical conditions the effect of attention is negligible or even harmful, but under certain conditions it provides an exceptional gain in performance of more than 40% in some of our classification tasks. However, we have yet to satisfy these conditions in practice. 

011__ A  Literature Review__arXiv:1905.02845
Author: Benyamin Ghojogh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02845
 Abstract: Pattern analysis often requires a pre-processing stage for extracting or selecting features in order to help the classification, prediction, or clustering stage discriminate or represent the data in a better way. The reason for this requirement is that the raw data are complex and difficult to process without extracting or selecting appropriate features beforehand. This paper reviews theory and motivation of different common methods of feature selection and extraction and introduces some of their applications. Some numerical implementations are also shown for these methods. Finally, the methods in feature selection and extraction are compared. 

012__ 3D Multi-Object Tracking with Feature Association Network__arXiv:1905.02843
Author: Erkan Baser
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02843
 Abstract: We propose a data-driven approach to online multi-object tracking (MOT) that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) for data association in a tracking-by-detection framework. The problem of multi-target tracking aims to assign noisy detections to a-priori unknown and time-varying number of tracked objects across a sequence of frames. A majority of the existing solutions focus on either tediously designing cost functions or formulating the task of data association as a complex optimization problem that can be solved effectively. Instead, we exploit the power of deep learning to formulate the data association problem as inference in a CNN. To this end, we propose to learn a similarity function that combines cues from both image and spatial features of objects. Our solution learns to perform global assignments in 3D purely from data, handles noisy detections and a varying number of targets, and is easy to train. We evaluate our approach on the challenging KITTI dataset and show competitive results. Our code is available at this https URL 

013__ Decision Making with Machine Learning and ROC Curves__arXiv:1905.02810
Author: Kai Feng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02810
 Abstract: The Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve is a representation of the statistical information discovered in binary classification problems and is a key concept in machine learning and data science. This paper studies the statistical properties of ROC curves and its implication on model selection. We analyze the implications of different models of incentive heterogeneity and information asymmetry on the relation between human decisions and the ROC curves. Our theoretical discussion is illustrated in the context of a large data set of pregnancy outcomes and doctor diagnosis from the Pre-Pregnancy Checkups of reproductive age couples in Henan Province provided by the Chinese Ministry of Health. 

014__ Interpretation of Feature Space using Multi-Channel Attentional  Sub-Networks__arXiv:1905.02719
Author: Masanari Kimura
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02719
 Abstract: Convolutional Neural Networks have achieved impressive results in various tasks, but interpreting the internal mechanism is a challenging problem. To tackle this problem, we exploit a multi-channel attention mechanism in feature space. Our network architecture allows us to obtain an attention mask for each feature while existing CNN visualization methods provide only a common attention mask for all features. We apply the proposed multi-channel attention mechanism to multi-attribute recognition task. We can obtain different attention mask for each feature and for each attribute. Those analyses give us deeper insight into the feature space of CNNs. The experimental results for the benchmark dataset show that the proposed method gives high interpretability to humans while accurately grasping the attributes of the data. 