------------------------------
Tue, Apr 23  2019
------------------------------
30 new papers today.

001__ A context-aware knowledge acquisition for planning applications using  ontologies__arXiv:1904.09845
Author: Mohannad Babli
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09845
 Abstract: Automated planning technology has developed significantly. Designing a planning model that allows an automated agent to be capable of reacting intelligently to unexpected events in a real execution environment yet remains a challenge. This article describes a domain-independent approach to allow the agent to be context-aware of its execution environment and the task it performs, acquire new information that is guaranteed to be related and more importantly manageable, and integrate such information into its model through the use of ontologies and semantic operations to autonomously formulate new objectives, resulting in a more human-like behaviour for handling unexpected events in the context of opportunities. 

002__ An integrated approach of  Fuzzy Multi-Attribute Decision Making (F-MADM) and Multi-choice Goal  Programming (MCGP) with Heterogeneous__arXiv:1904.09837
Author: Md Mahmudul Hassan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09837
 Abstract: Supplier selection problem has gained extensive attention in the prior studies. However, research based on Fuzzy Multi-Attribute Decision Making (F-MADM) approach in ranking resilient suppliers in logistic 4.0 is still in its infancy. Traditional MADM approach fails to address the resilient supplier selection problem in logistic 4.0 primarily because of the large amount of data concerning some attributes that are quantitative, yet difficult to process while making decisions. Besides, some qualitative attributes prevalent in logistic 4.0 entail imprecise perceptual or judgmental decision relevant information, and are substantially different than those considered in traditional suppler selection problems. This study, for the first time, develops a Decision Support System (DSS) that will help the decision maker to incorporate and process such imprecise heterogeneous data in a unified framework to rank a set of resilient suppliers in the logistic 4.0 environment. The proposed framework induces a triangular fuzzy number from large-scale temporal data using probability-possibility consistency principle. Large number of non-temporal data presented graphically are computed by extracting granular information that are imprecise in nature. Fuzzy linguistic variables are used to map the qualitative attributes. Finally, fuzzy based TOPSIS method is adopted to generate the ranking score of alternative suppliers. These ranking scores are used as input in a Multi-Choice Goal Programming (MCGP) model to determine optimal order allocation for respective suppliers. Finally, a sensitivity analysis assesses how the Cost versus Resilience Index (SCRI) changes when differential priorities are set for respective cost and resilience attributes. 

003__ First steps to a constructor theory of cognition__arXiv:1904.09829
Author: Riccardo Franco
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09829
 Abstract: This article applies the conceptual framework of constructor theory of information to cognition theory. The main result of this work is that cognition theory, in specific situations concerning for example the conjunction fallacy heuristic, requires the use of superinformation media, just as quantum theory. This result entails that quantum and cognition theories can be considered as elements of a general class of superinformation-based subsidiary theories. 

004__ The Gathering is Turing Complete__arXiv:1904.09828
Author: Alex Churchill
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09828
 Abstract: $\textit{Magic: The Gathering}$ is a popular and famously complicated trading card game about magical combat. In this paper we show that optimal play in real-world $\textit{Magic}$ is at least as hard as the Halting Problem, solving a problem that has been open for a decade. To do this, we present a methodology for embedding an arbitrary Turing machine into a game of $\textit{Magic}$ such that the first player is guaranteed to win the game if and only if the Turing machine halts. Our result applies to how real $\textit{Magic}$ is played, can be achieved using standard-size tournament-legal decks, and does not rely on stochasticity or hidden information. Our result is also highly unusual in that all moves of both players are forced in the construction. This shows that even recognising who will win a game in which neither player has a non-trivial decision to make for the rest of the game is undecidable. We conclude with a discussion of the implications for a unified computational theory of games and remarks about the playability of such a board in a tournament setting. 

005__ A Ceteris  Paribus Approach__arXiv:1904.09477
Author: Abdulaziz Alashaikh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09477
 Abstract: This work adopts the notion of Ceteris Paribus (CP) as an interpretation of the Decision Maker (DM) preferences and incorporates it in a constrained multiobjective problem known as virtual machine placement (VMP). VMP is an essential multiobjective problem in the design and operation of cloud data centers concerned about placing each virtual machine to a physical machine (a server) in the data center. We analyze the effectiveness of CP interpretation on VMP problems and propose an NSGA-II variant with which preferred solutions are returned at almost no extra time cost. 

006__ Learning the Right Expansion-ordering Heuristics for Satisfiability  Testing in OWL Reasoners__arXiv:1904.09443
Author: Razieh Mehri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09443
 Abstract: Web Ontology Language (OWL) reasoners are used to infer new logical relations from ontologies. While inferring new facts, these reasoners can be further optimized, e.g., by properly ordering disjuncts in disjunction expressions of ontologies for satisfiability testing of concepts. Different expansion-ordering heuristics have been developed for this purpose. The built-in heuristics in these reasoners determine the order for branches in search trees while each heuristic choice causes different effects for various ontologies depending on the ontologies' syntactic structure and probably other features as well. A learning-based approach that takes into account the features aims to select an appropriate expansion-ordering heuristic for each ontology. The proper choice is expected to accelerate the reasoning process for the reasoners. In this paper, the effect of our methodology is investigated on a well-known reasoner that is JFact. Our experiments show the average speedup by a factor of one to two orders of magnitude for satisfiability testing after applying learning methodology for selecting the right expansion-ordering heuristics. 

007__ Specification-Driven Predictive Business Process Monitoring__arXiv:1904.09422
Author: Ario Santoso
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09422
 Abstract: Predictive analysis in business process monitoring aims at forecasting the future information of a running business process. The prediction is typically made based on the model extracted from historical process execution logs (event logs). In practice, different business domains might require different kinds of predictions. Hence, it is important to have a means for properly specifying the desired prediction tasks, and a mechanism to deal with these various prediction tasks. Although there have been many studies in this area, they mostly focus on a specific prediction task. This work introduces a language for specifying the desired prediction tasks, and this language allows us to express various kinds of prediction tasks. This work also presents a mechanism for automatically creating the corresponding prediction model based on the given specification. Differently from previous studies, instead of focusing on a particular prediction task, we present an approach to deal with various prediction tasks based on the given specification of the desired prediction tasks. We also provide an implementation of the approach which is used to conduct experiments using real-life event logs. 

008__ Reward Potentials for Planning with Learned Neural Network Transition  Models__arXiv:1904.09366
Author: Buser Say
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09366
 Abstract: Optimal planning with respect to learned neural network (NN) models in continuous action and state spaces using mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) is a challenging task for branch-and-bound solvers due to the poor linear relaxation of the underlying MILP model. For a given set of features, potential heuristics provide an efficient framework for computing bounds on cost (reward) functions. In this paper, we introduce a finite-time algorithm for computing an optimal potential heuristic for learned NN models. We then strengthen the linear relaxation of the underlying MILP model by introducing constraints to bound the reward function based on the precomputed reward potentials. Experimentally, we show that our algorithm efficiently computes reward potentials for learned NN models, and the overhead of computing reward potentials is justified by the overall strengthening of the underlying MILP model for the task of planning over long-term horizons. 

009__ Cut-free Calculi and Relational Semantics for Temporal STIT Logics__arXiv:1904.09899
Author: Kees van Berkel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09899
 Abstract: We present cut-free labelled sequent calculi for a central formalism in logics of agency: STIT logics with temporal operators. These include sequent systems for Ldm, Tstit and Xstit. All calculi presented possess essential structural properties such as contraction- and cut-admissibility. The labelled calculi G3Ldm and G3TSTIT are shown sound and complete relative to irreflexive temporal frames. Additionally, we extend current results by showing that also XSTIT can be characterized through relational frames, omitting the use of BT+AC frames. 

010__ Real-time Intent Prediction of Pedestrians for Autonomous Ground  Vehicles via Spatio-Temporal DenseNet__arXiv:1904.09862
Author: Khaled Saleh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09862
 Abstract: Understanding the behaviors and intentions of humans are one of the main challenges autonomous ground vehicles still faced with. More specifically, when it comes to complex environments such as urban traffic scenes, inferring the intentions and actions of vulnerable road users such as pedestrians become even harder. In this paper, we address the problem of intent action prediction of pedestrians in urban traffic environments using only image sequences from a monocular RGB camera. We propose a real-time framework that can accurately detect, track and predict the intended actions of pedestrians based on a tracking-by-detection technique in conjunction with a novel spatio-temporal DenseNet model. We trained and evaluated our framework based on real data collected from urban traffic environments. Our framework has shown resilient and competitive results in comparison to other baseline approaches. Overall, we achieved an average precision score of 84.76% with a real-time performance at 20 FPS. error here, check on website.

012__ Training generative networks using random discriminators__arXiv:1904.09775
Author: Babak Barazandeh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09775
 Abstract: In recent years, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have drawn a lot of attentions for learning the underlying distribution of data in various applications. Despite their wide applicability, training GANs is notoriously difficult. This difficulty is due to the min-max nature of the resulting optimization problem and the lack of proper tools of solving general (non-convex, non-concave) min-max optimization problems. In this paper, we try to alleviate this problem by proposing a new generative network that relies on the use of random discriminators instead of adversarial design. This design helps us to avoid the min-max formulation and leads to an optimization problem that is stable and could be solved efficiently. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated using handwritten digits (MNIST) and Fashion products (Fashion-MNIST) data sets. While the resulting images are not as sharp as adversarial training, the use of random discriminator leads to a much faster algorithm as compared to the adversarial counterpart. This observation, at the minimum, illustrates the potential of the random discriminator approach for warm-start in training GANs. 

013__ Compositional generalization in a deep seq2seq model by separating  syntax and semantics__arXiv:1904.09708
Author: Jake Russin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09708
 Abstract: Standard methods in deep learning for natural language processing fail to capture the compositional structure of human language that allows for systematic generalization outside of the training distribution. However, human learners readily generalize in this way, e.g. by applying known grammatical rules to novel words. Inspired by work in neuroscience suggesting separate brain systems for syntactic and semantic processing, we implement a modification to standard approaches in neural machine translation, imposing an analogous separation. The novel model, which we call Syntactic Attention, substantially outperforms standard methods in deep learning on the SCAN dataset, a compositional generalization task, without any hand-engineered features or additional supervision. Our work suggests that separating syntactic from semantic learning may be a useful heuristic for capturing compositional structure. 

014__ Exploring Unsupervised Pretraining and Sentence Structure Modelling for  Winograd Schema Challenge__arXiv:1904.09705
Author: Yu-Ping Ruan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09705
 Abstract: Winograd Schema Challenge (WSC) was proposed as an AI-hard problem in testing computers' intelligence on common sense representation and reasoning. This paper presents the new state-of-theart on WSC, achieving an accuracy of 71.1%. We demonstrate that the leading performance benefits from jointly modelling sentence structures, utilizing knowledge learned from cutting-edge pretraining models, and performing fine-tuning. We conduct detailed analyses, showing that fine-tuning is critical for achieving the performance, but it helps more on the simpler associative problems. Modelling sentence dependency structures, however, consistently helps on the harder non-associative subset of WSC. Analysis also shows that larger fine-tuning datasets yield better performances, suggesting the potential benefit of future work on annotating more Winograd schema sentences. 

015__ Structural Self-adaptation for Decentralized Pervasive Intelligence__arXiv:1904.09681
Author: Jovan Nikiloc
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09681
 Abstract: Communication structure plays a key role in the learning capability of decentralized systems. Structural self-adaptation, by means of self-organization, changes the order as well as the input information of the agents' collective decision-making. This paper studies the role of agents' repositioning on the same communication structure, i.e. a tree, as the means to expand the learning capacity in complex combinatorial optimization problems, for instance, load-balancing power demand to prevent blackouts or efficient utilization of bike sharing stations. The optimality of structural self-adaptations is rigorously studied by constructing a novel large-scale benchmark that consists of 4000 agents with synthetic and real-world data performing 4 million structural self-adaptations during which almost 320 billion learning messages are exchanged. Based on this benchmark dataset, 124 deterministic structural criteria, applied as learning meta-features, are systematically evaluated as well as two online structural self-adaptation strategies designed to expand learning capacity. Experimental evaluation identifies metrics that capture agents with influential information and their optimal positioning. Significant gain in learning performance is observed for the two strategies especially under low-performing initialization. Strikingly, the strategy that triggers structural self-adaptation in a more exploratory fashion is the most cost-effective. 

016__ Opportunities,  Challenges and Solutions__arXiv:1904.09673
Author: Hongji Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09673
 Abstract: The new demands for high-reliability and ultra-high capacity wireless communication have led to extensive research into 5G communications. However, the current communication systems, which were designed on the basis of conventional communication theories, signficantly restrict further performance improvements and lead to severe limitations. Recently, the emerging deep learning techniques have been recognized as a promising tool for handling the complicated communication systems, and their potential for optimizing wireless communications has been demonstrated. In this article, we first review the development of deep learning solutions for 5G communication, and then propose efficient schemes for deep learning-based 5G scenarios. Specifically, the key ideas for several important deep learningbased communication methods are presented along with the research opportunities and challenges. In particular, novel communication frameworks of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA), massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO), and millimeter wave (mmWave) are investigated, and their superior performances are demonstrated. We vision that the appealing deep learning-based wireless physical layer frameworks will bring a new direction in communication theories and that this work will move us forward along this road. 

017__ Learning Graph Representations for Deep Divergence Graph Kernels__arXiv:1904.09671
Author: Rami Al-Rfou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09671
 Abstract: Can neural networks learn to compare graphs without feature engineering? In this paper, we show that it is possible to learn representations for graph similarity with neither domain knowledge nor supervision (i.e.\ feature engineering or labeled graphs). We propose Deep Divergence Graph Kernels, an unsupervised method for learning representations over graphs that encodes a relaxed notion of graph isomorphism. Our method consists of three parts. First, we learn an encoder for each anchor graph to capture its structure. Second, for each pair of graphs, we train a cross-graph attention network which uses the node representations of an anchor graph to reconstruct another graph. This approach, which we call isomorphism attention, captures how well the representations of one graph can encode another. We use the attention-augmented encoder's predictions to define a divergence score for each pair of graphs. Finally, we construct an embedding space for all graphs using these pair-wise divergence scores. Unlike previous work, much of which relies on 1) supervision, 2) domain specific knowledge (e.g. a reliance on Weisfeiler-Lehman kernels), and 3) known node alignment, our unsupervised method jointly learns node representations, graph representations, and an attention-based alignment between graphs. Our experimental results show that Deep Divergence Graph Kernels can learn an unsupervised alignment between graphs, and that the learned representations achieve competitive results when used as features on a number of challenging graph classification tasks. Furthermore, we illustrate how the learned attention allows insight into the the alignment of sub-structures across graphs. 

018__ Integrating Association Rules with Decision Trees in Object-Relational  Databases__arXiv:1904.09654
Author: Maruthi Rohit Ayyagari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09654
 Abstract: Research has provided evidence that associative classification produces more accurate results compared to other classification models. The Classification Based on Association (CBA) is one of the famous Associative Classification algorithms that generates accurate classifiers. However, current association classification algorithms reside external to databases, which reduces the flexibility of enterprise analytics systems. This paper implements the CBA in Oracle database using two variant models: hardcoding the CBA in Oracle Data Mining (ODM) package and Integrating Oracle Apriori model with the Oracle Decision tree model. We compared the proposed model performance with Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine, Random Forests, and Decision Tree over 18 datasets from UCI. Results showed that our models outperformed the original CBA model with 1 percent and is competitive to chosen classification models over benchmark datasets. 

019__ Fitting Intelligent Decision Support into Critical,  Clinical Decision-Making Processes__arXiv:1904.09612
Author: Qian Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09612
 Abstract: Clinical decision support tools (DST) promise improved healthcare outcomes by offering data-driven insights. While effective in lab settings, almost all DSTs have failed in practice. Empirical research diagnosed poor contextual fit as the cause. This paper describes the design and field evaluation of a radically new form of DST. It automatically generates slides for clinicians' decision meetings with subtly embedded machine prognostics. This design took inspiration from the notion of "Unremarkable Computing", that by augmenting the users' routines technology/AI can have significant importance for the users yet remain unobtrusive. Our field evaluation suggests clinicians are more likely to encounter and embrace such a DST. Drawing on their responses, we discuss the importance and intricacies of finding the right level of unremarkableness in DST design, and share lessons learned in prototyping critical AI systems as a situated experience. 

020__ Obfuscation for Privacy-preserving Syntactic Parsing__arXiv:1904.09585
Author: Zhifeng Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09585
 Abstract: The goal of homomorphic encryption is to encrypt data such that another party can operate on it without being explicitly exposed to the content of the original data. We introduce an idea for a privacy-preserving transformation on natural language data, inspired by homomorphic encryption. Our primary tool is {\em obfuscation}, relying on the properties of natural language. Specifically, a given text is obfuscated using a neural model that aims to preserve the syntactic relationships of the original sentence so that the obfuscated sentence can be parsed instead of the original one. The model works at the word level, and learns to obfuscate each word separately by changing it into a new word that has a similar syntactic role. The text encrypted by our model leads to better performance on three syntactic parsers (two dependency and one constituency parsers) in comparison to a strong random baseline. The substituted words have similar syntactic properties, but different semantic content, compared to the original words. 

021__ Model-free Deep Reinforcement Learning for Urban Autonomous Driving__arXiv:1904.09503
Author: Jianyu Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09503
 Abstract: Urban autonomous driving decision making is challenging due to complex road geometry and multi-agent interactions. Current decision making methods are mostly manually designing the driving policy, which might result in sub-optimal solutions and is expensive to develop, generalize and maintain at scale. On the other hand, with reinforcement learning (RL), a policy can be learned and improved automatically without any manual designs. However, current RL methods generally do not work well on complex urban scenarios. In this paper, we propose a framework to enable model-free deep reinforcement learning in challenging urban autonomous driving scenarios. We design a specific input representation and use visual encoding to capture the low-dimensional latent states. Several state-of-the-art model-free deep RL algorithms are implemented into our framework, with several tricks to improve their performance. We evaluate our method in a challenging roundabout task with dense surrounding vehicles in a high-definition driving simulator. The result shows that our method can solve the task well and is significantly better than the baseline. 

022__ Compression and Localization in Reinforcement Learning for ATARI Games__arXiv:1904.09489
Author: Joel Ruben Antony Moniz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09489
 Abstract: Deep neural networks have become commonplace in the domain of reinforcement learning, but are often expensive in terms of the number of parameters needed. While compressing deep neural networks has of late assumed great importance to overcome this drawback, little work has been done to address this problem in the context of reinforcement learning agents. This work aims at making first steps towards model compression in an RL agent. In particular, we compress networks to drastically reduce the number of parameters in them (to sizes less than 3% of their original size), further facilitated by applying a global max pool after the final convolution layer, and propose using Actor-Mimic in the context of compression. Finally, we show that this global max-pool allows for weakly supervised object localization, improving the ability to identify the agent's points of focus. 

023__ Unsupervised Text Generation from Structured Data__arXiv:1904.09447
Author: Martin Schmitt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09447
 Abstract: This work presents a joint solution to two challenging tasks: text generation from data and open information extraction. We propose to model both tasks as sequence-to-sequence translation problems and thus construct a joint neural model for both. Our experiments on knowledge graphs from Visual Genome, i.e., structured image analyses, shows promising results compared to strong baselines. Building on recent work on unsupervised machine translation, we report the first results - to the best of our knowledge - on fully unsupervised text generation from structured data. 

024__ an  Adversarial Machine Learning Approach__arXiv:1904.09433
Author: Rahim Taheri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09433
 Abstract: The widespread adoption of smartphones dramatically increases the risk of attacks and the spread of mobile malware, especially on the Android platform. Machine learning based solutions have been already used as a tool to supersede signature based anti-malware systems. However, malware authors leverage attributes from malicious and legitimate samples to estimate statistical difference in-order to create adversarial examples. Hence, to evaluate the vulnerability of machine learning algorithms in malware detection, we propose five different attack scenarios to perturb malicious applications (apps). By doing this, the classification algorithm inappropriately fits discriminant function on the set of data points, eventually yielding a higher misclassification rate. Further, to distinguish the adversarial examples from benign samples, we propose two defense mechanisms to counter attacks. To validate our attacks and solutions, we test our model on three different benchmark datasets. We also test our methods using various classifier algorithms and compare them with the state-of-the-art data poisoning method using the Jacobian matrix. Promising results show that generated adversarial samples can evade detection with a very high probability. Additionally, evasive variants generated by our attacks models when used to harden the developed anti-malware system improves the detection rate. 

025__ Language Models with Transformers__arXiv:1904.09408
Author: Chenguang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09408
 Abstract: The Transformer architecture is superior to RNN-based models in computational efficiency. Recently, GPT and BERT demonstrate the efficacy of Transformer models on various NLP tasks using pre-trained language models on large-scale corpora. Surprisingly, these Transformer architectures are suboptimal for language model itself. Neither self-attention nor the positional encoding in the Transformer is able to efficiently incorporate the word-level sequential context crucial to language modeling. In this paper, we explore effective Transformer architectures for language model, including adding additional LSTM layers to better capture the sequential context while still keeping the computation efficient. We propose Coordinate Architecture Search (CAS) to find an effective architecture through iterative refinement of the model. Experimental results on the PTB, WikiText-2, and WikiText-103 show that CAS achieves perplexities between 20.42 and 34.11 on all problems, i.e. on average an improvement of 12.0 perplexity units compared to state-of-the-art LSTMs. 

026__ Repurposing Entailment for Multi-Hop Question Answering Tasks__arXiv:1904.09380
Author: Harsh Trivedi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09380
 Abstract: Question Answering (QA) naturally reduces to an entailment problem, namely, verifying whether some text entails the answer to a question. However, for multi-hop QA tasks, which require reasoning with multiple sentences, it remains unclear how best to utilize entailment models pre-trained on large scale datasets such as SNLI, which are based on sentence pairs. We introduce Multee, a general architecture that can effectively use entailment models for multi-hop QA tasks. Multee uses (i) a local module that helps locate important sentences, thereby avoiding distracting information, and (ii) a global module that aggregates information by effectively incorporating importance weights. Importantly, we show that both modules can use entailment functions pre-trained on a large scale NLI datasets. We evaluate performance on MultiRC and OpenBookQA, two multihop QA datasets. When using an entailment function pre-trained on NLI datasets, Multee outperforms QA models trained only on the target QA datasets and the OpenAI transformer models. The code is available at this https URL 

027__ Meta-Weighted Gaussian Process Experts for Personalized Forecasting of  AD Cognitive Changes__arXiv:1904.09370
Author: Ognjen Rudovic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09370
 Abstract: We introduce a novel personalized Gaussian Process Experts (pGPE) model for predicting per-subject ADAS-Cog13 cognitive scores -- a significant predictor of Alzheimer's Disease (AD) in the cognitive domain -- over the future 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. We start by training a population-level model using multi-modal data from previously seen subjects using a base Gaussian Process (GP) regression. Then, we personalize this model by adapting the base GP sequentially over time to a new (target) subject using domain adaptive GPs, and also by training subject-specific GP. While we show that these models achieve improved performance when selectively applied to the forecasting task (one performs better than the other on different subjects/visits), the average performance per model is suboptimal. To this end, we used the notion of meta learning in the proposed pGPE to design a regression-based weighting of these expert models, where the expert weights are optimized for each subject and his/her future visit. The results on a cohort of subjects from the ADNI dataset show that this newly introduced personalized weighting of the expert models leads to large improvements in accurately forecasting future ADAS-Cog13 scores and their fine-grained changes associated with the AD progression. This approach has potential to help identify at-risk patients early and improve the construction of clinical trials for AD. 

028__ Constant-Time Machine Translation with Conditional Masked Language  Models__arXiv:1904.09324
Author: Marjan Ghazvininejad
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09324
 Abstract: Most machine translation systems generate text autoregressively, by sequentially predicting tokens from left to right. We, instead, use a masked language modeling objective to train a model to predict any subset of the target words, conditioned on both the input text and a partially masked target translation. This approach allows for efficient iterative decoding, where we first predict all of the target words non-autoregressively, and then repeatedly mask out and regenerate the subset of words that the model is least confident about. By applying this strategy for a constant number of iterations, our model improves state-of-the-art performance levels for constant-time translation models by over 3 BLEU on average. It is also able to reach 92-95% of the performance of a typical left-to-right transformer model, while decoding significantly faster. 

029__ Active Adversarial Evader Tracking with a Probabilistic Pursuer under  the Pursuit-Evasion Game Framework__arXiv:1904.09307
Author: Varun Chandra Jammula
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09307
 Abstract: Given a mapped environment, we formulate the problem of visually tracking and following an evader using a probabilistic framework. In this work, we consider a non-holonomic robot with a limited visibility depth sensor in an indoor environment with obstacles. The mobile robot that follows the target is considered a pursuer and the agent being followed is considered an evader. We propose a probabilistic framework for both the pursuer and evader to achieve their conflicting goals. We introduce a smart evader that has information about the location of the pursuer. The goal of this variant of the evader is to avoid being tracked by the pursuer by using the visibility region information obtained from the pursuer, to further challenge the proposed smart pursuer. To validate the efficiency of the framework, we conduct several experiments in simulation by using Gazebo and evaluate the success rate of tracking an evader in various environments with different pursuer to evader speed ratios. Through our experiments we validate our hypothesis that a smart pursuer tracks an evader more effectively than a pursuer that just navigates in the environment randomly. We also validate that an evader that is aware of the actions of the pursuer is more successful at avoiding getting tracked by a smart pursuer than a random evader. Finally, we empirically show that while a smart pursuer does increase it's average success rate of tracking compared to a random pursuer, there is an increased variance in its success rate distribution when the evader becomes aware of its actions. 

030__ Convolutional Neural Networks as Light as Feather for Face  Anti-spoofing__arXiv:1904.09290
Author: Peng Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09290
 Abstract: Face Anti-spoofing gains increased attentions recently in both academic and industrial fields. With the emergence of various CNN based solutions, the multi-modal(RGB, depth and IR) methods based CNN showed better performance than single modal classifiers. However, there is a need for improving the performance and reducing the complexity. Therefore, an extreme light network architecture(FeatherNet A/B) is proposed with a streaming module which fixes the weakness of Global Average Pooling and uses less parameters. Our single FeatherNet trained by depth image only, provides a higher baseline with 0.00168 ACER, 0.35M parameters and 83M FLOPS. Furthermore, a novel fusion procedure with ``ensemble + cascade'' structure is presented to satisfy the performance preferred use cases. Meanwhile, the MMFD dataset is collected to provide more attacks and diversity to gain better generalization. We use the fusion method in the Face Anti-spoofing Attack Detection Challenge@CVPR2019 and got the result of 0.0013(ACER), 0.999(TPR@FPR=10e-2), 0.998(TPR@FPR=10e-3) and 0.9814(TPR@FPR=10e-4). 