------------------------------
Thu, Apr 25  2019
------------------------------
11 new papers today.

001__ Ethics of Artificial Intelligence Demarcations__arXiv:1904.10239
Author: Anders Braarud Hanssen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10239
 Abstract: In this paper we present a set of key demarcations, particularly important when discussing ethical and societal issues of current AI research and applications. Properly distinguishing issues and concerns related to Artificial General Intelligence and weak AI, between symbolic and connectionist AI, AI methods, data and applications are prerequisites for an informed debate. Such demarcations would not only facilitate much-needed discussions on ethics on current AI technologies and research. In addition sufficiently establishing such demarcations would also enhance knowledge-sharing and support rigor in interdisciplinary research between technical and social sciences. 

002__ Big Math and the One-Brain Barrier A Position Paper and Architecture  Proposal__arXiv:1904.10405
Author: Jacques Carette
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10405
 Abstract: Over the last decades, a class of important mathematical results have required an ever increasing amount of human effort to carry out. For some, the help of computers is now indispensable. We analyze the implications of this trend towards "big mathematics", its relation to human cognition, and how machine support for big math can be organized. The central contribution of this position paper is an information model for "doing mathematics", which posits that humans very efficiently integrate four aspects: inference, computation, tabulation, and narration around a well-organized core of mathematical knowledge. The challenge for mathematical software systems is that these four aspects need to be integrated as well. We briefly survey the state of the art. 

003__ Is coding a relevant metaphor for building AI? A commentary on "Is  coding a relevant metaphor for the brain?", by Romain Brette__arXiv:1904.10396
Author: Adam Santoro
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10396
 Abstract: Brette contends that the neural coding metaphor is an invalid basis for theories of what the brain does. Here, we argue that it is an insufficient guide for building an artificial intelligence that learns to accomplish short- and long-term goals in a complex, changing environment. 

004__ Towards Engineering Risk-aware Autonomous Systems__arXiv:1904.10386
Author: Mario Gleirscher
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10386
 Abstract: Inspired by widely-used techniques of causal modelling in risk, failure, and accident analysis, this work discusses a compositional framework for risk modelling. Risk models capture fragments of the space of risky events likely to occur when operating a machine in a given environment. Moreover, one can build such models into machines such as autonomous robots, to equip them with the ability of risk-aware perception, monitoring, decision making, and control. With the notion of a risk factor as the modelling primitive, the framework provides several means to construct and shape risk models. Relational and algebraic properties are investigated and proofs support the validity and consistency of these properties over the corresponding models. Several examples throughout the discussion illustrate the applicability of the concepts. Overall, this work focuses on the qualitative treatment of risk with the outlook of transferring these results to probabilistic refinements of the discussed framework. 

005__ Siamese Attentional Keypoint Network for High Performance Visual  Tracking__arXiv:1904.10128
Author: Peng Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10128
 Abstract: In this paper, we investigate impacts of three main aspects of visual tracking, i.e., the backbone network, the attentional mechanism and the detection component, and propose a Siamese Attentional Keypoint Network, dubbed SATIN, to achieve efficient tracking and accurate localization. Firstly, a new Siamese lightweight hourglass network is specifically designed for visual tracking. It takes advantage of the benefits of the repeated bottom-up and top-down inference to capture more global and local contextual information at multiple scales. Secondly, a novel cross-attentional module is utilized to leverage both channel-wise and spatial intermediate attentional information, which enhance both discriminative and localization capabilities of feature maps. Thirdly, a keypoints detection approach is invented to track any target object by detecting the top-left corner point, the centroid point and the bottom-right corner point of its bounding box. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose this approach. Therefore, our SATIN tracker not only has a strong capability to learn more effective object representations, but also computational and memory storage efficiency, either during the training or testing stage. Without bells and whistles, experimental results demonstrate that our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on several recent benchmark datasets, at speeds far exceeding the frame-rate requirement. 

006__ Lung Nodule Classification using Deep Local-Global Networks__arXiv:1904.10126
Author: Mundher Al-Shabi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10126
 Abstract: Purpose: Lung nodules have very diverse shapes and sizes, which makes classifying them as benign/malignant a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a novel method to predict the malignancy of nodules that have the capability to analyze the shape and size of a nodule using a global feature extractor, as well as the density and structure of the nodule using a local feature extractor. Methods: We propose to use Residual Blocks with a 3x3 kernel size for local feature extraction, and Non-Local Blocks to extract the global features. The Non-Local Block has the ability to extract global features without using a huge number of parameters. The key idea behind the Non-Local Block is to apply matrix multiplications between features on the same feature maps. Results: We trained and validated the proposed method on the LIDC-IDRI dataset which contains 1,018 computed tomography (CT) scans. We followed a rigorous procedure for experimental setup namely, 10-fold cross-validation and ignored the nodules that had been annotated by less than 3 radiologists. The proposed method achieved state-of-the-art results with AUC=95.62%, while significantly outperforming other baseline methods. Conclusions: Our proposed Deep Local-Global network has the capability to accurately extract both local and global features. Our new method outperforms state-of-the-art architecture including Densenet and Resnet with transfer learning. 

007__ DAG Structure Learning with Graph Neural Networks__arXiv:1904.10098
Author: Yue Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10098
 Abstract: Learning a faithful directed acyclic graph (DAG) from samples of a joint distribution is a challenging combinatorial problem, owing to the intractable search space superexponential in the number of graph nodes. A recent breakthrough formulates the problem as a continuous optimization with a structural constraint that ensures acyclicity (Zheng et al., 2018). The authors apply the approach to the linear structural equation model (SEM) and the least-squares loss function that are statistically well justified but nevertheless limited. Motivated by the widespread success of deep learning that is capable of capturing complex nonlinear mappings, in this work we propose a deep generative model and apply a variant of the structural constraint to learn the DAG. At the heart of the generative model is a variational autoencoder parameterized by a novel graph neural network architecture, which we coin DAG-GNN. In addition to the richer capacity, an advantage of the proposed model is that it naturally handles discrete variables as well as vector-valued ones. We demonstrate that on synthetic data sets, the proposed method learns more accurate graphs for nonlinearly generated samples; and on benchmark data sets with discrete variables, the learned graphs are reasonably close to the global optima. The code is available at \url{this https URL}. 

008__ The MineRL Competition on Sample Efficient Reinforcement Learning using  Human Priors__arXiv:1904.10079
Author: William H. Guss
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10079
 Abstract: Though deep reinforcement learning has led to breakthroughs in many difficult domains, these successes have required an ever-increasing number of samples. As state-of-the-art reinforcement learning (RL) systems require an exponentially increasing number of samples, their development is restricted to a continually shrinking segment of the AI community. Likewise, many of these systems cannot be applied to real-world problems, where environment samples are expensive. Resolution of these limitations requires new, sample-efficient methods. To facilitate research in this direction, we introduce the MineRL Competition on Sample Efficient Reinforcement Learning using Human Priors. The primary goal of the competition is to foster the development of algorithms which can efficiently leverage human demonstrations to drastically reduce the number of samples needed to solve complex, hierarchical, and sparse environments. To that end, we introduce: (1) the Minecraft ObtainDiamond task, a sequential decision making environment requiring long-term planning, hierarchical control, and efficient exploration methods; and (2) the MineRL-v0 dataset, a large-scale collection of over 60 million state-action pairs of human demonstrations that can be resimulated into embodied trajectories with arbitrary modifications to game state and visuals. Participants will compete to develop systems which solve the ObtainDiamond task with a limited number of samples from the environment simulator, Malmo. The competition is structured into two rounds in which competitors are provided several paired versions of the dataset and environment with different game textures. At the end of each round, competitors will submit containerized versions of their learning algorithms and they will then be trained/evaluated from scratch on a hold-out dataset-environment pair for a total of 4-days on a prespecified hardware platform. 

009__ Bold Hearts Team Description for RoboCup 2019 (Humanoid Kid Size League)__arXiv:1904.10066
Author: Marcus M. Scheunemann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10066
 Abstract: We participated in the RoboCup 2018 competition in Montreal with our newly developed BoldBot based on the Darwin-OP and mostly self-printed custom parts. This paper is about the lessons learnt from that competition and further developments for the RoboCup 2019 competition. Firstly, we briefly introduce the team along with an overview of past achievements. We then present a simple, standalone 2D simulator we use for simplifying the entry for new members with making basic RoboCup concepts quickly accessible. We describe our approach for semantic-segmentation for our vision used in the 2018 competition, which replaced the lookup-table (LUT) implementation we had before. We also discuss the extra structural support we plan to add to the printed parts of the BoldBot and our transition to ROS 2 as our new middleware. Lastly, we will present a collection of open-source contributions of our team. 

010__ Graph Neural Architecture Search with Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1904.09981
Author: Yang Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09981
 Abstract: Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have been popularly used for analyzing non-Euclidean data such as social network data and biological data. Despite their success, the design of graph neural networks requires a lot of manual work and domain knowledge. In this paper, we propose a Graph Neural Architecture Search method (GraphNAS for short) that enables automatic search of the best graph neural architecture based on reinforcement learning. Specifically, GraphNAS first uses a recurrent network to generate variable-length strings that describe the architectures of graph neural networks, and then trains the recurrent network with reinforcement learning to maximize the expected accuracy of the generated architectures on a validation data set. Extensive experimental results on node classification tasks in both transductive and inductive learning settings demonstrate that GraphNAS can achieve consistently better performance on the Cora, Citeseer, Pubmed citation network, and protein-protein interaction network. On node classification tasks, GraphNAS can design a novel network architecture that rivals the best human-invented architecture in terms of test set accuracy. 

011__ Generating Responses Expressing Emotion in an Open-domain Dialogue  System__arXiv:1811.10990
Author: Chenyang Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1811.10990
 Abstract: Neural network-based Open-ended conversational agents automatically generate responses based on predictive models learned from a large number of pairs of utterances. The generated responses are typically acceptable as a sentence but are often dull, generic, and certainly devoid of any emotion. In this paper, we present neural models that learn to express a given emotion in the generated response. We propose four models and evaluate them against 3 baselines. An encoder-decoder framework-based model with multiple attention layers provides the best overall performance in terms of expressing the required emotion. While it does not outperform other models on all emotions, it presents promising results in most cases. 