------------------------------
Tue, Apr 30  2019
------------------------------
38 new papers today.

001__ A Complete Classification of the Complexity and Rewritability of  Ontology-Mediated Queries based on the Description Logic EL__arXiv:1904.12533
Author: Carsten Lutz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12533
 Abstract: We provide an ultimately fine-grained analysis of the data complexity and rewritability of ontology-mediated queries (OMQs) based on an EL ontology and a conjunctive query (CQ). Our main results are that every such OMQ is in AC0, NL-complete, or PTime-complete and that containment in NL coincides with rewritability into linear Datalog (whereas containment in AC0 coincides with rewritability into first-order logic). We establish natural characterizations of the three cases in terms of bounded depth and (un)bounded pathwidth, and show that every of the associated meta problems such as deciding wether a given OMQ is rewritable into linear Datalog is ExpTime-complete. We also give a way to construct linear Datalog rewritings when they exist and prove that there is no constant Datalog rewritings. 

002__ Enhancement of Power Equipment Management Using Knowledge Graph__arXiv:1904.12242
Author: Yachen Tang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12242
 Abstract: Accurate retrieval of the power equipment information plays an important role in guiding the full-lifecycle management of power system assets. Because of data duplication, database decentralization, weak data relations, and sluggish data updates, the power asset management system eager to adopt a new strategy to avoid the information losses, bias, and improve the data storage efficiency and extraction process. Knowledge graph has been widely developed in large part owing to its schema-less nature. It enables the knowledge graph to grow seamlessly and allows new relations addition and entities insertion when needed. This study proposes an approach for constructing power equipment knowledge graph by merging existing multi-source heterogeneous power equipment related data. A graph-search method to illustrate exhaustive results to the desired information based on the constructed knowledge graph is proposed. A case of a 500 kV station example is then demonstrated to show relevant search results and to explain that the knowledge graph can improve the efficiency of power equipment management. 

003__ Soft Marginal TransE for Scholarly Knowledge Graph Completion__arXiv:1904.12211
Author: Mojtaba Nayyeri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12211
 Abstract: Knowledge graphs (KGs), i.e. representation of information as a semantic graph, provide a significant test bed for many tasks including question answering, recommendation, and link prediction. Various amount of scholarly metadata have been made vailable as knowledge graphs from the diversity of data providers and agents. However, these high-quantities of data remain far from quality criteria in terms of completeness while growing at a rapid pace. Most of the attempts in completing such KGs are following traditional data digitization, harvesting and collaborative curation approaches. Whereas, advanced AI-related approaches such as embedding models - specifically designed for such tasks - are usually evaluated for standard benchmarks such as Freebase and Wordnet. The tailored nature of such datasets prevents those approaches to shed the lights on more accurate discoveries. Application of such models on domain-specific KGs takes advantage of enriched meta-data and provides accurate results where the underlying domain can enormously benefit. In this work, the TransE embedding model is reconciled for a specific link prediction task on scholarly metadata. The results show a significant shift in the accuracy and performance evaluation of the model on a dataset with scholarly metadata. The newly proposed version of TransE obtains 99.9% for link prediction task while original TransE gets 95%. In terms of accuracy and Hit@10, TransE outperforms other embedding models such as ComplEx, TransH and TransR experimented over scholarly knowledge graphs 

004__ Fuzzy Rule Interpolation Methods and Fri Toolbox__arXiv:1904.12178
Author: Maen Alzubi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12178
 Abstract: FRI methods are less popular in the practical application domain. One possible reason is the missing common framework. There are many FRI methods developed independently, having different interpolation concepts and features. One trial for setting up a common FRI framework was the MATLAB FRI Toolbox, developed by Johany\'ak et. al. in 2006. The goals of this paper are divided as follows: firstly, to present a brief introduction of the FRI methods. Secondly, to introduce a brief description of the refreshed and extended version of the original FRI Toolbox. And thirdly, to use different unified numerical benchmark examples to evaluate and analyze the Fuzzy Rule Interpolation Techniques (FRI) (KH, KH Stabilized, MACI, IMUL, CRF, VKK, GM, FRIPOC, LESFRI, and SCALEMOVE), that will be classified and compared based on different features by following the abnormality and linearity conditions [15]. 

005__ Graph Neural Reasoning for 2-Quantified Boolean Formula Solvers__arXiv:1904.12084
Author: Zhanfu Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12084
 Abstract: In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of learning GNN (Graph Neural Network) based solvers and GNN-based heuristics for specified QBF (Quantified Boolean Formula) problems. We design and evaluate several GNN architectures for 2QBF formulae, and conjecture that GNN has limitations in learning 2QBF solvers. Then we show how to learn a heuristic CEGAR 2QBF solver. We further explore generalizing GNN-based heuristics to larger unseen instances, and uncover some interesting challenges. In summary, this paper provides a comprehensive surveying view of applying GNN-embeddings to specified QBF solvers, and aims to offer guidance in applying ML to more complicated symbolic reasoning problems. 

006__ Unsupervised Data Augmentation__arXiv:1904.12848
Author: Qizhe Xie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12848
 Abstract: Despite its success, deep learning still needs large labeled datasets to succeed. Data augmentation has shown much promise in alleviating the need for more labeled data, but it so far has mostly been applied in supervised settings and achieved limited gains. In this work, we propose to apply data augmentation to unlabeled data in a semi-supervised learning setting. Our method, named Unsupervised Data Augmentation or UDA, encourages the model predictions to be consistent between an unlabeled example and an augmented unlabeled example. Unlike previous methods that use random noise such as Gaussian noise or dropout noise, UDA has a small twist in that it makes use of harder and more realistic noise generated by state-of-the-art data augmentation methods. This small twist leads to substantial improvements on six language tasks and three vision tasks even when the labeled set is extremely small. For example, on the IMDb text classification dataset, with only 20 labeled examples, UDA outperforms the state-of-the-art model trained on 25,000 labeled examples. On standard semi-supervised learning benchmarks, CIFAR-10 with 4,000 examples and SVHN with 1,000 examples, UDA outperforms all previous approaches and reduces more than $30\%$ of the error rates of state-of-the-art methods: going from 7.66% to 5.27% and from 3.53% to 2.46% respectively. UDA also works well on datasets that have a lot of labeled data. For example, on ImageNet, with 1.3M extra unlabeled data, UDA improves the top-1/top-5 accuracy from 78.28/94.36% to 79.04/94.45% when compared to AutoAugment. 

007__ odeling Multiple Item Relations for  Recommendation__arXiv:1904.12796
Author: Xin Xin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12796
 Abstract: Existing item-based collaborative filtering (ICF) methods leverage only the relation of collaborative similarity. Nevertheless, there exist multiple relations between items in real-world scenarios. Distinct from the collaborative similarity that implies co-interact patterns from the user perspective, these relations reveal fine-grained knowledge on items from different perspectives of meta-data, functionality, etc. However, how to incorporate multiple item relations is less explored in recommendation research. In this work, we propose Relational Collaborative Filtering (RCF), a general framework to exploit multiple relations between items in recommender system. We find that both the relation type and the relation value are crucial in inferring user preference. To this end, we develop a two-level hierarchical attention mechanism to model user preference. The first-level attention discriminates which types of relations are more important, and the second-level attention considers the specific relation values to estimate the contribution of a historical item in recommending the target item. To make the item embeddings be reflective of the relational structure between items, we further formulate a task to preserve the item relations, and jointly train it with the recommendation task of preference modeling. Empirical results on two real datasets demonstrate the strong performance of RCF. Furthermore, we also conduct qualitative analyses to show the benefits of explanations brought by the modeling of multiple item relations. 

008__ Synthesis of Large-Scale Non-Homogeneous Textures__arXiv:1904.12795
Author: Anna Fr¨¹hst¨¹ck
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12795
 Abstract: We tackle the problem of texture synthesis in the setting where many input images are given and a large-scale output is required. We build on recent generative adversarial networks and propose two extensions in this paper. First, we propose an algorithm to combine outputs of GANs trained on a smaller resolution to produce a large-scale plausible texture map with virtually no boundary artifacts. Second, we propose a user interface to enable artistic control. Our quantitative and qualitative results showcase the generation of synthesized high-resolution maps consisting of up to hundreds of megapixels as a case in point. 

009__ Self Training Autonomous Driving Agent__arXiv:1904.12738
Author: Shashank Kotyan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12738
 Abstract: Intrinsically, driving is a Markov Decision Process which suits well the reinforcement learning paradigm. In this paper, we propose a novel agent which learns to drive a vehicle without any human assistance. We use the concept of reinforcement learning and evolutionary strategies to train our agent in a 2D simulation environment. Our model's architecture goes beyond the World Model's by introducing difference images in the auto encoder. This novel involvement of difference images in the auto-encoder gives better representation of the latent space with respect to the motion of vehicle and helps an autonomous agent to learn more efficiently how to drive a vehicle. Results show that our method requires fewer (96% less) total agents, (87.5% less) agents per generations, (70% less) generations and (90% less) rollouts than the original architecture while achieving the same accuracy of the original. 

010__ The Double Actor-Critic Architecture for Learning Options__arXiv:1904.12691
Author: Shangtong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12691
 Abstract: We reformulate the option framework as two parallel augmented MDPs. Under this novel formulation, all policy optimization algorithms can be used off the shelf to learn intra-option policies, option termination conditions, and a master policy over options. We apply an actor-critic algorithm on each augmented MDP, yielding the Double Actor-Critic (DAC) architecture. Furthermore, we show that, when state-value functions are used as critics, one critic can be expressed in terms of the other, and hence only one critic is necessary. Our experiments on challenging robot simulation tasks demonstrate that DAC outperforms previous gradient-based option learning algorithms by a large margin and significantly outperforms its hierarchy-free counterparts in a transfer learning setting. 

011__ Capturing human categorization of natural images at scale by combining  deep networks and cognitive models__arXiv:1904.12690
Author: Ruairidh M. Battleday
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12690
 Abstract: Human categorization is one of the most important and successful targets of cognitive modeling in psychology, yet decades of development and assessment of competing models have been contingent on small sets of simple, artificial experimental stimuli. Here we extend this modeling paradigm to the domain of natural images, revealing the crucial role that stimulus representation plays in categorization and its implications for conclusions about how people form categories. Applying psychological models of categorization to natural images required two significant advances. First, we conducted the first large-scale experimental study of human categorization, involving over 500,000 human categorization judgments of 10,000 natural images from ten non-overlapping object categories. Second, we addressed the traditional bottleneck of representing high-dimensional images in cognitive models by exploring the best of current supervised and unsupervised deep and shallow machine learning methods. We find that selecting sufficiently expressive, data-driven representations is crucial to capturing human categorization, and using these representations allows simple models that represent categories with abstract prototypes to outperform the more complex memory-based exemplar accounts of categorization that have dominated in studies using less naturalistic stimuli. 

012__ Actional-Structural Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-based  Action Recognition__arXiv:1904.12659
Author: Maosen Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12659
 Abstract: Action recognition with skeleton data has recently attracted much attention in computer vision. Previous studies are mostly based on fixed skeleton graphs, only capturing local physical dependencies among joints, which may miss implicit joint correlations. To capture richer dependencies, we introduce an encoder-decoder structure, called A-link inference module, to capture action-specific latent dependencies, i.e. actional links, directly from actions. We also extend the existing skeleton graphs to represent higher-order dependencies, i.e. structural links. Combing the two types of links into a generalized skeleton graph, we further propose the actional-structural graph convolution network (AS-GCN), which stacks actional-structural graph convolution and temporal convolution as a basic building block, to learn both spatial and temporal features for action recognition. A future pose prediction head is added in parallel to the recognition head to help capture more detailed action patterns through self-supervision. We validate AS-GCN in action recognition using two skeleton data sets, NTU-RGB+D and Kinetics. The proposed AS-GCN achieves consistently large improvement compared to the state-of-the-art methods. As a side product, AS-GCN also shows promising results for future pose prediction. 

013__ Forward Vehicle Collision Warning Based on Quick Camera Calibration__arXiv:1904.12642
Author: Yuwei Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12642
 Abstract: Forward Vehicle Collision Warning (FCW) is one of the most important functions for autonomous vehicles. In this procedure, vehicle detection and distance measurement are core components, requiring accurate localization and estimation. In this paper, we propose a simple but efficient forward vehicle collision warning framework by aggregating monocular distance measurement and precise vehicle detection. In order to obtain forward vehicle distance, a quick camera calibration method which only needs three physical points to calibrate related camera parameters is utilized. As for the forward vehicle detection, a multi-scale detection algorithm that regards the result of calibration as distance priori is proposed to improve the precision. Intensive experiments are conducted in our established real scene dataset and the results have demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed framework. 

014__ Multi-Target Tracking by Modeling Group Behavior  with Sequential Detection__arXiv:1904.12641
Author: Yuan Yuan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12641
 Abstract: Video-based vehicle detection and tracking is one of the most important components for Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS). When it comes to road junctions, the problem becomes even more difficult due to the occlusions and complex interactions among vehicles. In order to get a precise detection and tracking result, in this work we propose a novel tracking-by-detection framework. In the detection stage, we present a sequential detection model to deal with serious occlusions. In the tracking stage, we model group behavior to treat complex interactions with overlaps and ambiguities. The main contributions of this paper are twofold: 1) Shape prior is exploited in the sequential detection model to tackle occlusions in crowded scene. 2) Traffic force is defined in the traffic scene to model group behavior, and it can assist to handle complex interactions among vehicles. We evaluate the proposed approach on real surveillance videos at road junctions and the performance has demonstrated the effectiveness of our method. 

015__ Exploration of Self-Propelling Droplets Using a Curiosity Driven Robotic  Assistant__arXiv:1904.12635
Author: Jonathan Grizou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12635
 Abstract: We describe a chemical robotic assistant equipped with a curiosity algorithm (CA) that can efficiently explore the state a complex chemical system can exhibit. The CA-robot is designed to explore formulations in an open-ended way with no explicit optimization target. By applying the CA-robot to the study of self-propelling multicomponent oil-in-water droplets, we are able to observe an order of magnitude more variety of droplet behaviours than possible with a random parameter search and given the same budget. We demonstrate that the CA-robot enabled the discovery of a sudden and highly specific response of droplets to slight temperature changes. Six modes of self-propelled droplets motion were identified and classified using a time-temperature phase diagram and probed using a variety of techniques including NMR. This work illustrates how target free search can significantly increase the rate of unpredictable observations leading to new discoveries with potential applications in formulation chemistry. 

016__ Can Driving Accident be Predicted by Driver Attention?  Analyzed by A Benchmark__arXiv:1904.12634
Author: Jianwu Fang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12634
 Abstract: Driver attention prediction is currently becoming the focus in safe driving research community, such as the DR(eye)VE project and newly emerged Berkeley DeepDrive Attention (BDD-A) database in critical situations. In safe driving, an essential task is to predict the incoming accidents as early as possible. BDD-A was aware of this problem and collected the driver attention in laboratory because of the rarity of such scenes. Nevertheless, BDD-A focuses the critical situations which do not encounter actual accidents, and just faces the driver attention prediction task, without a close step for accident prediction. In contrast to this, we explore the view of drivers' eyes for capturing multiple kinds of accidents, and construct a more diverse and larger video benchmark than ever before with the driver attention and the driving accident annotation simultaneously (named as DADA-2000), which has 2000 video clips owning about 658,476 frames on 54 kinds of accidents. These clips are crowd-sourced and captured in various occasions (highway, urban, rural, and tunnel), weather (sunny, rainy and snowy) and light conditions (daytime and nighttime). For the driver attention representation, we collect the maps of fixations, saccade scan path and focusing time. The accidents are annotated by their categories, the accident window in clips and spatial locations of the crash-objects. Based on the analysis, we obtain a quantitative and positive answer for the question in this paper. 

017__ A Personalized Affective Memory Neural Model for Improving Emotion  Recognition__arXiv:1904.12632
Author: Pablo Barros
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12632
 Abstract: Recent models of emotion recognition strongly rely on supervised deep learning solutions for the distinction of general emotion expressions. However, they are not reliable when recognizing online and personalized facial expressions, e.g., for person-specific affective understanding. In this paper, we present a neural model based on a conditional adversarial autoencoder to learn how to represent and edit general emotion expressions. We then propose Grow-When-Required networks as personalized affective memories to learn individualized aspects of emotion expressions. Our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on emotion recognition when evaluated on \textit{in-the-wild} datasets. Furthermore, our experiments include ablation studies and neural visualizations in order to explain the behavior of our model. 

018__ BowTie - A deep learning feedforward neural network for sentiment  analysis__arXiv:1904.12624
Author: Apostol Vassilev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12624
 Abstract: How to model and encode the semantics of human-written text and select the type of neural network to process it are not settled issues in sentiment analysis. Accuracy and transferability are critical issues in machine learning in general. These properties are closely related to the loss estimates for the trained model. I present a computationally-efficient and accurate feedforward neural network for sentiment prediction capable of maintaining low losses. When coupled with an effective semantics model of the text, it provides highly accurate models with low losses. Experimental results on representative benchmark datasets and comparisons to other methods show the advantages of the new approach. 

019__ Interpreting Scenes, Words, and  Sentences From Natural Supervision__arXiv:1904.12584
Author: Jiayuan Mao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12584
 Abstract: We propose the Neuro-Symbolic Concept Learner (NS-CL), a model that learns visual concepts, words, and semantic parsing of sentences without explicit supervision on any of them; instead, our model learns by simply looking at images and reading paired questions and answers. Our model builds an object-based scene representation and translates sentences into executable, symbolic programs. To bridge the learning of two modules, we use a neuro-symbolic reasoning module that executes these programs on the latent scene representation. Analogical to human concept learning, the perception module learns visual concepts based on the language description of the object being referred to. Meanwhile, the learned visual concepts facilitate learning new words and parsing new sentences. We use curriculum learning to guide the searching over the large compositional space of images and language. Extensive experiments demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of our model on learning visual concepts, word representations, and semantic parsing of sentences. Further, our method allows easy generalization to new object attributes, compositions, language concepts, scenes and questions, and even new program domains. It also empowers applications including visual question answering and bidirectional image-text retrieval. 

020__ Twitter Sentiment Analysis using Distributed Word and Sentence  Representation__arXiv:1904.12580
Author: Dwarampudi Mahidhar Reddy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12580
 Abstract: An important part of the information gathering and data analysis is to find out what people think about, either a product or an entity. Twitter is an opinion rich social networking site. The posts or tweets from this data can be used for mining people's opinions. The recent surge of activity in this area can be attributed to the computational treatment of data, which made opinion extraction and sentiment analysis easier. This paper classifies tweets into positive and negative sentiments, but instead of using traditional methods or preprocessing text data here we use the distributed representations of words and sentences to classify the tweets. We use Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Artificial Neural Networks. The first two are used on Distributed Representation of words while the latter is used on the distributed representation of sentences. This paper achieves accuracies as high as 81%. It also suggests the best and optimal ways for creating distributed representations of words for sentiment analysis, out of the available methods. 

021__ A Pre-trained Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Time  Series Classification__arXiv:1904.12546
Author: Kathan Kashiparekh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12546
 Abstract: Training deep neural networks often requires careful hyper-parameter tuning and significant computational resources. In this paper, we propose ConvTimeNet (CTN): an off-the-shelf deep convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on diverse univariate time series classification (TSC) source tasks. Once trained, CTN can be easily adapted to new TSC target tasks via a small amount of fine-tuning using labeled instances from the target tasks. We note that the length of convolutional filters is a key aspect when building a pre-trained model that can generalize to time series of different lengths across datasets. To achieve this, we incorporate filters of multiple lengths in all convolutional layers of CTN to capture temporal features at multiple time scales. We consider all 65 datasets with time series of lengths up to 512 points from the UCR TSC Benchmark for training and testing transferability of CTN: We train CTN on a randomly chosen subset of 24 datasets using a multi-head approach with a different softmax layer for each training dataset, and study generalizability and transferability of the learned filters on the remaining 41 TSC datasets. We observe significant gains in classification accuracy as well as computational efficiency when using pre-trained CTN as a starting point for subsequent task-specific fine-tuning compared to existing state-of-the-art TSC approaches. We also provide qualitative insights into the working of CTN by: i) analyzing the activations and filters of first convolution layer suggesting the filters in CTN are generically useful, ii) analyzing the impact of the design decision to incorporate multiple length decisions, and iii) finding regions of time series that affect the final classification decision via occlusion sensitivity analysis. 

022__ A Unified End-to-End Neural Approach for Open-Domain  Information Extraction__arXiv:1904.12535
Author: Mingming Sun
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12535
 Abstract: In this paper, we consider the problem of open information extraction (OIE) for extracting entity and relation level intermediate structures from sentences in open-domain. We focus on four types of valuable intermediate structures (Relation, Attribute, Description, and Concept), and propose a unified knowledge expression form, SAOKE, to express them. We publicly release a data set which contains more than forty thousand sentences and the corresponding facts in the SAOKE format labeled by crowd-sourcing. To our knowledge, this is the largest publicly available human labeled data set for open information extraction tasks. Using this labeled SAOKE data set, we train an end-to-end neural model using the sequenceto-sequence paradigm, called Logician, to transform sentences into facts. For each sentence, different to existing algorithms which generally focus on extracting each single fact without concerning other possible facts, Logician performs a global optimization over all possible involved facts, in which facts not only compete with each other to attract the attention of words, but also cooperate to share words. An experimental study on various types of open domain relation extraction tasks reveals the consistent superiority of Logician to other states-of-the-art algorithms. The experiments verify the reasonableness of SAOKE format, the valuableness of SAOKE data set, the effectiveness of the proposed Logician model, and the feasibility of the methodology to apply end-to-end learning paradigm on supervised data sets for the challenging tasks of open information extraction. 

023__ Casting Geometric Constraints in Semantic Segmentation as  Semi-Supervised Learning__arXiv:1904.12534
Author: Sinisa Stekovic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12534
 Abstract: We propose a simple yet effective method to learn to segment new indoor scenes from an RGB-D sequence: State-of-the-art methods trained on one dataset, even as large as SUNRGB-D dataset, can perform poorly when applied to images that are not part of the dataset, because of the dataset bias, a common phenomenon in computer vision. To make semantic segmentation more useful in practice, we learn to segment new indoor scenes from sequences without manual annotations by exploiting geometric constraints and readily available training data from SUNRGB-D. As a result, we can then robustly segment new images of these scenes from color information only. To efficiently exploit geometric constraints for our purpose, we propose to cast these constraints as semi-supervised terms, which enforce the fact that the same class should be predicted for the projections of the same 3D location in different images. We show that this approach results in a simple yet very powerful method, which can annotate sequences of ScanNet and our own sequences using only annotations from SUNRGB-D. 

024__ Teaching AI, Ethics, Law and Policy__arXiv:1904.12470
Author: Asher Wilk
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12470
 Abstract: The cyberspace and the development of new technologies, especially intelligent systems using artificial intelligence, present enormous challenges to computer professionals, data scientists, managers and policy makers. There is a need to address professional responsibility, ethical, legal, societal, and policy issues. This paper presents problems and issues relevant to computer professionals and decision makers and suggests a curriculum for a course on ethics, law and policy. Such a course will create awareness of the ethics issues involved in building and using software and artificial intelligence. 

025__ Challenges and Pitfalls of Reproducing Machine Learning Artifacts__arXiv:1904.12437
Author: Cheng Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12437
 Abstract: An increasingly complex and diverse collection of Machine Learning(ML) models as well as hardware/software stacks, collectively referred to as "ML artifacts", are being proposed - leading to a diverse landscape of ML. These ML innovations proposed have outpaced researchers' ability to analyze, study and adapt them. This is exacerbated by the complicated and sometimes non-reproducible procedures for ML evaluation. The current practice of sharing ML artifacts is through repositories where artifact authors post ad-hoc code and some documentation. The authors often fail to reveal critical information for others to reproduce their results. One often fails to reproduce artifact authors' claims, not to mention adapt the model to his/her own use. This article discusses the common challenges and pitfalls of reproducing ML artifacts, which can be used as a guideline for ML researchers when sharing or reproducing artifacts. 

026__ Machine Learning in the Air__arXiv:1904.12385
Author: Deniz Gunduz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12385
 Abstract: Thanks to the recent advances in processing speed and data acquisition and storage, machine learning (ML) is penetrating every facet of our lives, and transforming research in many areas in a fundamental manner. Wireless communications is another success story -- ubiquitous in our lives, from handheld devices to wearables, smart homes, and automobiles. While recent years have seen a flurry of research activity in exploiting ML tools for various wireless communication problems, the impact of these techniques in practical communication systems and standards is yet to be seen. In this paper, we review some of the major promises and challenges of ML in wireless communication systems, focusing mainly on the physical layer. We present some of the most striking recent accomplishments that ML techniques have achieved with respect to classical approaches, and point to promising research directions where ML is likely to make the biggest impact in the near future. We also highlight the complementary problem of designing physical layer techniques to enable distributed ML at the wireless network edge, which further emphasizes the need to understand and connect ML with fundamental concepts in wireless communications. 

027__ Enhancing Prediction Models for One-Year Mortality in Patients with  Acute Myocardial Infarction and Post Myocardial Infarction Syndrome__arXiv:1904.12383
Author: Seyedeh Neelufar Payrovnaziri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12383
 Abstract: Predicting the risk of mortality for patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) using electronic health records (EHRs) data can help identify risky patients who might need more tailored care. In our previous work, we built computational models to predict one-year mortality of patients admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) with AMI or post myocardial infarction syndrome. Our prior work only used the structured clinical data from MIMIC-III, a publicly available ICU clinical database. In this study, we enhanced our work by adding the word embedding features from free-text discharge summaries. Using a richer set of features resulted in significant improvement in the performance of our deep learning models. The average accuracy of our deep learning models was 92.89% and the average F-measure was 0.928. We further reported the impact of different combinations of features extracted from structured and/or unstructured data on the performance of the deep learning models. error here, check on website.

029__ A Reinforcement Learning Agent Controlled GAN Network for  Real-Time Point Cloud Shape Completion__arXiv:1904.12304
Author: Muhammad Sarmad
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12304
 Abstract: We present RL-GAN-Net, where a reinforcement learning (RL) agent provides fast and robust control of a generative adversarial network (GAN). Our framework is applied to point cloud shape completion that converts noisy, partial point cloud data into a high-fidelity completed shape by controlling the GAN. While a GAN is unstable and hard to train, we circumvent the problem by (1) training the GAN on the latent space representation whose dimension is reduced compared to the raw point cloud input and (2) using an RL agent to find the correct input to the GAN to generate the latent space representation of the shape that best fits the current input of incomplete point cloud. The suggested pipeline robustly completes point cloud with large missing regions. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to train an RL agent to control the GAN, which effectively learns the highly nonlinear mapping from the input noise of the GAN to the latent space of point cloud. The RL agent replaces the need for complex optimization and consequently makes our technique real time. Additionally, we demonstrate that our pipelines can be used to enhance the classification accuracy of point cloud with missing data. 

030__ Sequencing Content using the Zone of Proximal Development__arXiv:1904.12268
Author: Oded Vainas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12268
 Abstract: Vygotsky's notions of Zone of Proximal Development and Dynamic Assessment emphasize the importance of personalized learning that adapts to the needs and abilities of the learners and enables more efficient learning. In this work we introduce a novel adaptive learning engine called E-gostky that builds on these concepts to personalize the learning path within an e-learning system. E-gostky uses machine learning techniques to select the next content item that will challenge the student but will not be overwhelming, keeping students in their Zone of Proximal Development. To evaluate the system, we conducted an experiment where hundreds of students from several different elementary schools used our engine to learn fractions for five months. Our results show that using E-gostky can significantly reduce the time required to reach similar mastery. Specifically, in our experiment, it took students who were using the adaptive learning engine $17\%$ less time to reach a similar level of mastery as of those who didn't. Moreover, students made greater efforts to find the correct answer rather than guessing and class teachers reported that even students with learning disabilities showed higher engagement. 

031__ Non-myopic Planetary Exploration Combining In Situ and Remote  Measurements__arXiv:1904.12255
Author: Suhit Kodgule
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12255
 Abstract: Remote sensing can provide crucial information for planetary rovers. However, they must validate these orbital observations with in situ measurements. Typically, this involves validating hyperspectral data using a spectrometer on-board the field robot. In order to achieve this, the robot must visit sampling locations that jointly improve a model of the environment while satisfying sampling constraints. However, current planners follow sub-optimal greedy strategies that are not scalable to larger regions. We demonstrate how the problem can be effectively defined in an MDP framework and propose a planning algorithm based on Monte Carlo Tree Search, which is devoid of the common drawbacks of existing planners and also provides superior performance. We evaluate our approach using hyperspectral imagery of a well-studied geologic site in Cuprite, Nevada. 

032__ A Machine Intelligence Approach__arXiv:1904.12194
Author: Subodh Deolekar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12194
 Abstract: This paper demonstrates emergence of computational creativity in the field of music. Different aspects of creativity such as producer, process, product and press are studied and formulated. Different notions of computational creativity such as novelty, quality and typicality of compositions as products are studied and evaluated. We formulate an algorithmic perception on human creativity and propose a prototype that is capable of demonstrating human-level creativity. We then validate the proposed prototype by applying various creativity benchmarks with the results obtained and compare the proposed prototype with the other existing computational creative systems. 

033__ do we need new tools?__arXiv:1904.12134
Author: Otello Ardovino
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12134
 Abstract: The Artificial Intelligence paradigm (hereinafter referred to as "AI") builds on the analysis of data able, among other things, to snap pictures of the individuals' behaviors and preferences. Such data represent the most valuable currency in the digital ecosystem, where their value derives from their being a fundamental asset in order to train machines with a view to developing AI applications. In this environment, online providers attract users by offering them services for free and getting in exchange data generated right through the usage of such services. This swap, characterized by an implicit nature, constitutes the focus of the present paper, in the light of the disequilibria, as well as market failures, that it may bring about. We use mobile apps and the related permission system as an ideal environment to explore, via econometric tools, those issues. The results, stemming from a dataset of over one million observations, show that both buyers and sellers are aware that access to digital services implicitly implies an exchange of data, although this does not have a considerable impact neither on the level of downloads (demand), nor on the level of the prices (supply). In other words, the implicit nature of this exchange does not allow market indicators to work efficiently. We conclude that current policies (e.g. transparency rules) may be inherently biased and we put forward suggestions for a new approach. 

034__ Understanding Dataset Design Choices for Multi-hop Reasoning__arXiv:1904.12106
Author: Jifan Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12106
 Abstract: Learning multi-hop reasoning has been a key challenge for reading comprehension models, leading to the design of datasets that explicitly focus on it. Ideally, a model should not be able to perform well on a multi-hop question answering task without doing multi-hop reasoning. In this paper, we investigate two recently proposed datasets, WikiHop and HotpotQA. First, we explore sentence-factored models for these tasks; by design, these models cannot do multi-hop reasoning, but they are still able to solve a large number of examples in both datasets. Furthermore, we find spurious correlations in the unmasked version of WikiHop, which make it easy to achieve high performance considering only the questions and answers. Finally, we investigate one key difference between these datasets, namely span-based vs. multiple-choice formulations of the QA task. Multiple-choice versions of both datasets can be easily gamed, and two models we examine only marginally exceed a baseline in this setting. Overall, while these datasets are useful testbeds, high-performing models may not be learning as much multi-hop reasoning as previously thought. 

035__ Tamper-proofing Video Archives using Temporal Content Hashes  on the Blockchain__arXiv:1904.12059
Author: Tu Bui
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12059
 Abstract: We present ARCHANGEL; a novel distributed ledger based system for assuring the long-term integrity of digital video archives. First, we describe a novel deep network architecture for computing compact temporal content hashes (TCHs) from audio-visual streams with durations of minutes or hours. Our TCHs are sensitive to accidental or malicious content modification (tampering) but invariant to the codec used to encode the video. This is necessary due to the curatorial requirement for archives to format shift video over time to ensure future accessibility. Second, we describe how the TCHs (and the models used to derive them) are secured via a proof-of-authority blockchain distributed across multiple independent archives. We report on the efficacy of ARCHANGEL within the context of a trial deployment in which the national government archives of the United Kingdom, Estonia and Norway participated. error here, check on website.

037__ Towards Data Poisoning Attack against Knowledge Graph Embedding__arXiv:1904.12052
Author: Hengtong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12052
 Abstract: Knowledge graph embedding (KGE) is a technique for learning continuous embeddings for entities and relations in the knowledge graph.Due to its benefit to a variety of downstream tasks such as knowledge graph completion, question answering and recommendation, KGE has gained significant attention recently. Despite its effectiveness in a benign environment, KGE' robustness to adversarial attacks is not well-studied. Existing attack methods on graph data cannot be directly applied to attack the embeddings of knowledge graph due to its heterogeneity. To fill this gap, we propose a collection of data poisoning attack strategies, which can effectively manipulate the plausibility of arbitrary targeted facts in a knowledge graph by adding or deleting facts on the graph. The effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed attack strategies are verified by extensive evaluations on two widely-used benchmarks. 

038__ Evaluation and Verification of Conformity to  Output-size Specifications__arXiv:1904.12004
Author: Chenglong Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12004
 Abstract: Models such as Sequence-to-Sequence and Image-to-Sequence are widely used in real world applications. While the ability of these neural architectures to produce variable-length outputs makes them extremely effective for problems like Machine Translation and Image Captioning, it also leaves them vulnerable to failures of the form where the model produces outputs of undesirable length. This behavior can have severe consequences such as usage of increased computation and induce faults in downstream modules that expect outputs of a certain length. Motivated by the need to have a better understanding of the failures of these models, this paper proposes and studies the novel output-size modulation problem and makes two key technical contributions. First, to evaluate model robustness, we develop an easy-to-compute differentiable proxy objective that can be used with gradient-based algorithms to find output-lengthening inputs. Second and more importantly, we develop a verification approach that can formally verify whether a network always produces outputs within a certain length. Experimental results on Machine Translation and Image Captioning show that our output-lengthening approach can produce outputs that are 50 times longer than the input, while our verification approach can, given a model and input domain, prove that the output length is below a certain size. 