------------------------------
Mon, Apr 22  2019
------------------------------
15 new papers today.error here, check on website.

002__ Design and Results__arXiv:1904.09134
Author: Martin Gebser
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09134
 Abstract: Answer Set Programming (ASP) is a prominent knowledge representation language with roots in logic programming and non-monotonic reasoning. Biennial ASP competitions are organized in order to furnish challenging benchmark collections and assess the advancement of the state of the art in ASP solving. In this paper, we report on the design and results of the Seventh ASP Competition, jointly organized by the University of Calabria (Italy), the University of Genova (Italy), and the University of Potsdam (Germany), in affiliation with the 14th International Conference on Logic Programming and Non-Monotonic Reasoning (LPNMR 2017). (Under consideration for acceptance in TPLP). 

003__ Semiotics Within Predictive Knowledge Architectures__arXiv:1904.09023
Author: Alex Kearney
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09023
 Abstract: Within Reinforcement Learning, there is a fledgling approach to conceptualizing the environment in terms of predictions. Central to this predictive approach is the assertion that it is possible to construct ontologies in terms of predictions about sensation, behaviour, and time---to categorize the world into entities which express all aspects of the world using only predictions. This construction of ontologies is integral to predictive approaches to machine knowledge where objects are described exclusively in terms of how they are perceived. In this paper, we ground the Pericean model of semiotics in terms of Reinforcement Learning Methods, describing Peirce's Three Categories in the notation of General Value Functions. Using the Peircean model of semiotics, we demonstrate that predictions alone are insufficient to construct an ontology; however, we identify predictions as being integral to the meaning-making process. Moreover, we discuss how predictive knowledge provides a particularly stable foundation for semiosis\textemdash the process of making meaning\textemdash and suggest a possible avenue of research to design algorithmic methods which construct semantics and meaning using predictions. 

004__ Intentional Computational Level Design__arXiv:1904.08972
Author: Ahmed Khalifa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08972
 Abstract: The procedural generation of levels and content in video games is a challenging AI problem. Often such generation relies on an intelligent way of evaluating the content being generated so that constraints are satisfied and/or objectives maximized. In this work, we address the problem of creating levels that are not only playable but also revolve around specific mechanics in the game. We use constrained evolutionary algorithms and quality-diversity algorithms to generate small sections of Super Mario Bros levels called scenes, using three different simulation approaches: Limited Agents, Punishing Model, and Mechanics Dimensions. All three approaches are able to create scenes that give opportunity for a player to encounter or use targeted mechanics with different properties. We conclude by discussing the advantages and disadvantages of each approach and compare them to each other. 

005__ Runtime Analysis of the Univariate Marginal Distribution Algorithm under  Low Selective Pressure and Prior Noise__arXiv:1904.09239
Author: Per Kristian Lehre
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09239
 Abstract: We perform a rigorous runtime analysis for the Univariate Marginal Distribution Algorithm on the LeadingOnes function, a well-known benchmark function in the theory community of evolutionary computation with a high correlation between decision variables. For a problem instance of size $n$, the currently best known upper bound on the expected runtime is $\mathcal{O}(n\lambda\log\lambda+n^2)$ (Dang and Lehre, GECCO 2015), while a lower bound necessary to understand how the algorithm copes with variable dependencies is still missing. Motivated by this, we show that the algorithm requires a $e^{\Omega(\mu)}$ runtime with high probability and in expectation if the selective pressure is low; otherwise, we obtain a lower bound of $\Omega(\frac{n\lambda}{\log(\lambda-\mu)})$ on the expected runtime. Furthermore, we for the first time consider the algorithm on the function under a prior noise model and obtain an $\mathcal{O}(n^2)$ expected runtime for the optimal parameter settings. In the end, our theoretical results are accompanied by empirical findings, not only matching with rigorous analyses but also providing new insights into the behaviour of the algorithm. 

006__ Visualizing the decision-making process in deep neural decision forest__arXiv:1904.09201
Author: Shichao Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09201
 Abstract: Deep neural decision forest (NDF) achieved remarkable performance on various vision tasks via combining decision tree and deep representation learning. In this work, we first trace the decision-making process of this model and visualize saliency maps to understand which portion of the input influence it more for both classification and regression problems. We then apply NDF on a multi-task coordinate regression problem and demonstrate the distribution of routing probabilities, which is vital for interpreting NDF yet not shown for regression problems. The pre-trained model and code for visualization will be available at this https URL 

007__ Deep Q Learning Driven CT Pancreas Segmentation with Geometry-Aware  U-Net__arXiv:1904.09120
Author: Yunze Man
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09120
 Abstract: Segmentation of pancreas is important for medical image analysis, yet it faces great challenges of class imbalance, background distractions and non-rigid geometrical features. To address these difficulties, we introduce a Deep Q Network(DQN) driven approach with deformable U-Net to accurately segment the pancreas by explicitly interacting with contextual information and extract anisotropic features from pancreas. The DQN based model learns a context-adaptive localization policy to produce a visually tightened and precise localization bounding box of the pancreas. Furthermore, deformable U-Net captures geometry-aware information of pancreas by learning geometrically deformable filters for feature extraction. Experiments on NIH dataset validate the effectiveness of the proposed framework in pancreas segmentation. 

008__ Emergence of Compositional Language with Deep Generational Transmission__arXiv:1904.09067
Author: Michael Cogswell
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09067
 Abstract: Consider a collaborative task that requires communication. Two agents are placed in an environment and must create a language from scratch in order to coordinate. Recent work has been interested in what kinds of languages emerge when deep reinforcement learning agents are put in such a situation, and in particular in the factors that cause language to be compositional-i.e. meaning is expressed by combining words which themselves have meaning. Evolutionary linguists have also studied the emergence of compositional language for decades, and they find that in addition to structural priors like those already studied in deep learning, the dynamics of transmitting language from generation to generation contribute significantly to the emergence of compositionality. In this paper, we introduce these cultural evolutionary dynamics into language emergence by periodically replacing agents in a population to create a knowledge gap, implicitly inducing cultural transmission of language. We show that this implicit cultural transmission encourages the resulting languages to exhibit better compositional generalization and suggest how elements of cultural dynamics can be further integrated into populations of deep agents. 

009__ Human Motion Prediction via Pattern Completion in Latent Representation  Space__arXiv:1904.09039
Author: Yi Tian Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09039
 Abstract: Inspired by ideas in cognitive science, we propose a novel and general approach to solve human motion understanding via pattern completion on a learned latent representation space. Our model outperforms current state-of-the-art methods in human motion prediction across a number of tasks, with no customization. To construct a latent representation for time-series of various lengths, we propose a new and generic autoencoder based on sequence-to-sequence learning. While traditional inference strategies find a correlation between an input and an output, we use pattern completion, which views the input as a partial pattern and to predict the best corresponding complete pattern. Our results demonstrate that this approach has advantages when combined with our autoencoder in solving human motion prediction, motion generation and action classification. 

010__ When is a Prediction Knowledge?__arXiv:1904.09024
Author: Alex Kearney
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.09024
 Abstract: Within Reinforcement Learning, there is a growing collection of research which aims to express all of an agent's knowledge of the world through predictions about sensation, behaviour, and time. This work can be seen not only as a collection of architectural proposals, but also as the beginnings of a theory of machine knowledge in reinforcement learning. Recent work has expanded what can be expressed using predictions, and developed applications which use predictions to inform decision-making on a variety of synthetic and real-world problems. While promising, we here suggest that the notion of predictions as knowledge in reinforcement learning is as yet underdeveloped: some work explicitly refers to predictions as knowledge, what the requirements are for considering a prediction to be knowledge have yet to be well explored. This specification of the necessary and sufficient conditions of knowledge is important; even if claims about the nature of knowledge are left implicit in technical proposals, the underlying assumptions of such claims have consequences for the systems we design. These consequences manifest in both the way we choose to structure predictive knowledge architectures, and how we evaluate them. In this paper, we take a first step to formalizing predictive knowledge by discussing the relationship of predictive knowledge learning methods to existing theories of knowledge in epistemology. Specifically, we explore the relationships between Generalized Value Functions and epistemic notions of Justification and Truth. 

011__ learning programs through play__arXiv:1904.08993
Author: Andrew Cropper
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08993
 Abstract: Children learn though play. We introduce the analogous idea of learning programs through play. In this approach, a program induction system (the learner) is given a set of tasks and initial background knowledge. Before solving the tasks, the learner enters an unsupervised playing stage where it creates its own tasks to solve, tries to solve them, and saves any solutions (programs) to the background knowledge. After the playing stage is finished, the learner enters the supervised building stage where it tries to solve the user-supplied tasks and can reuse solutions learnt whilst playing. The idea is that playing allows the learner to discover reusable general programs on its own which can then help solve the user-supplied tasks. We claim that playing can improve learning performance. We show that playing can reduce the textual complexity of target concepts which in turn reduces the sample complexity of a learner. We implement our idea in Playgol, a new inductive logic programming system. We experimentally test our claim on two domains: robot planning and real-world string transformations. Our experimental results suggest that playing can substantially improve learning performance. We think that the idea of playing (or, more verbosely, unsupervised bootstrapping for supervised program induction) is an important contribution to the problem of developing program induction approaches that self-discover BK. 

012__ Exploring the Limitations of Behavior Cloning for Autonomous Driving__arXiv:1904.08980
Author: Felipe Codevilla
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08980
 Abstract: Driving requires reacting to a wide variety of complex environment conditions and agent behaviors. Explicitly modeling each possible scenario is unrealistic. In contrast, imitation learning can, in theory, leverage data from large fleets of human-driven cars. Behavior cloning in particular has been successfully used to learn simple visuomotor policies end-to-end, but scaling to the full spectrum of driving behaviors remains an unsolved problem. In this paper, we propose a new benchmark to experimentally investigate the scalability and limitations of behavior cloning. We show that behavior cloning leads to state-of-the-art results, including in unseen environments, executing complex lateral and longitudinal maneuvers without these reactions being explicitly programmed. However, we confirm well-known limitations (due to dataset bias and overfitting), new generalization issues (due to dynamic objects and the lack of a causal model), and training instability requiring further research before behavior cloning can graduate to real-world driving. The code of the studied behavior cloning approaches can be found at this https URL . 

013__ Tracking Relationships between Nations  from News__arXiv:1904.08950
Author: Xiaochuang Han
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08950
 Abstract: Understanding the dynamics of international politics is important yet challenging for civilians. In this work, we explore unsupervised neural models to infer relations between nations from news articles. We extend existing models by incorporating shallow linguistics information and propose a new automatic evaluation metric that aligns relationship dynamics with manually annotated key events. As understanding international relations requires carefully analyzing complex relationships, we conduct in-person human evaluations with three groups of participants. Overall, humans prefer the outputs of our model and give insightful feedback that suggests future directions for human-centered models. Furthermore, our model reveals interesting regional differences in news coverage. For instance, with respect to US-China relations, Singaporean media focus more on "strengthening" and "purchasing", while US media focus more on "criticizing" and "denouncing". 

014__ A survey__arXiv:1904.08939
Author: Anh Nguyen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08939
 Abstract: A neuroscience method to understanding the brain is to find and study the preferred stimuli that highly activate an individual cell or groups of cells. Recent advances in machine learning enable a family of methods to synthesize preferred stimuli that cause a neuron in an artificial or biological brain to fire strongly. Those methods are known as Activation Maximization (AM) or Feature Visualization via Optimization. In this chapter, we (1) review existing AM techniques in the literature; (2) discuss a probabilistic interpretation for AM; and (3) review the applications of AM in debugging and explaining networks. 

015__ Explaining Deep Classification of Time-Series Data with Learned  Prototypes__arXiv:1904.08935
Author: Alan H. Gee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.08935
 Abstract: The emergence of deep learning networks raises a need for algorithms to explain their decisions so that users and domain experts can be confident using algorithmic recommendations for high-risk decisions. In this paper we leverage the information-rich latent space induced by such models to learn data representations or prototypes within such networks to elucidate their internal decision-making process. We introduce a novel application of case-based reasoning using prototypes to understand the decisions leading to the classification of time-series data, specifically investigating electrocardiogram (ECG) waveforms for classification of bradycardia, a slowing of heart rate, in infants. We improve upon existing models by explicitly optimizing for increased prototype diversity which in turn improves model accuracy by learning regions of the latent space that highlight features for distinguishing classes. We evaluate the hyperparameter space of our model to show robustness in diversity prototype generation and additionally, explore the resultant latent space of a deep classification network on ECG waveforms via an interactive tool to visualize the learned prototypical waveforms therein. We show that the prototypes are capable of learning real-world features - in our case-study ECG morphology related to bradycardia - as well as features within sub-classes. Our novel work leverages learned prototypical framework on two dimensional time-series data to produce explainable insights during classification tasks. 