------------------------------
Fri, Apr 26  2019
------------------------------
20 new papers today.

001__ Reward-Based Deception with Cognitive Bias__arXiv:1904.11454
Author: Bo Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11454
 Abstract: Deception plays a key role in adversarial or strategic interactions for the purpose of self-defence and survival. This paper introduces a general framework and solution to address deception. Most existing approaches for deception consider obfuscating crucial information to rational adversaries with abundant memory and computation resources. In this paper, we consider deceiving adversaries with bounded rationality and in terms of expected rewards. This problem is commonly encountered in many applications especially involving human adversaries. Leveraging the cognitive bias of humans in reward evaluation under stochastic outcomes, we introduce a framework to optimally assign resources of a limited quantity to optimally defend against human adversaries. Modeling such cognitive biases follows the so-called prospect theory from behavioral psychology literature. Then we formulate the resource allocation problem as a signomial program to minimize the defender's cost in an environment modeled as a Markov decision process. We use police patrol hour assignment as an illustrative example and provide detailed simulation results based on real-world data. 

002__ The  CoachAI Approach__arXiv:1904.11412
Author: Ahmed Fadhil
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11412
 Abstract: With increasing physicians' workload and patients' needs for care, there is a need for technology that facilitates physicians work and performs continues follow-up with patients. Existing approaches focus merely on improving patient's condition, and none have considered managing physician's workload. This paper presents an initial evaluation of a conversational agent assisted coaching platform intended to manage physicians' fatigue and provide continuous follow-up to patients. We highlight the approach adapted to build the chatbot dialogue and the coaching platform. We will particularly discuss the activity recommender algorithms used to suggest insights about patients' condition and activities based on previously collected data. The paper makes three contributions: (1) present the conversational agent as an assistive virtual coach, (2) decrease physicians workload and continuous follow up with patients, all by handling some repetitive physician tasks and performing initial follow up with the patient, (3) present the activity recommender that tracks previous activities and patient information and provides useful insights about possible activity and patient match to the coach. Future work focuses on integrating the recommender model with the CoachAI platform and test the prototype with patient's in collaboration with an ambulatory clinic. 

003__ Characterization of Glue Variables in CDCL SAT Solving__arXiv:1904.11106
Author: Md Solimul Chowdhury
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11106
 Abstract: A state-of-the-art criterion to evaluate the importance of a given learned clause is called Literal Block Distance (LBD) score. It measures the number of distinct decision levels in a given learned clause. The lower the LBD score of a learned clause, the better is its quality. The learned clauses with LBD score of 2, called glue clauses, are known to possess high pruning power which are never deleted from the clause databases of the modern CDCL SAT solvers. In this work, we relate glue clauses to decision variables. We call the variables that appeared in at least one glue clause up to the current search state Glue Variables. We first show experimentally, by running the state-of-the-art CDCL SAT solver MapleLCMDist on benchmarks from SAT Competition-2017 and 2018, that branching decisions with glue variables are categorically more inference and conflict efficient than nonglue variables. Based on this observation, we develop a structure aware CDCL variable bumping scheme, which bumps the activity score of a glue variable based on its appearance count in the glue clauses that are learned so far by the search. Empirical evaluation shows effectiveness of the new method over the main track instances from SAT Competition 2017 and 2018. 

004__ On Learning to Prove__arXiv:1904.11099
Author: Daniel Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11099
 Abstract: In this paper, we consider the problem of learning a (first-order) theorem prover where we use a representation of beliefs in mathematical claims instead of a proof system to search for proofs. The inspiration for doing so comes from the practices of human mathematicians where a proof system is typically used after the fact to justify a sequence of intuitive steps obtained by "plausible reasoning" rather than to discover them. Towards this end, we introduce a probabilistic representation of beliefs in first-order statements based on first-order distributive normal forms (dnfs) devised by the philosopher Jaakko Hintikka. Notably, the representation supports Bayesian update and does not enforce that logically equivalent statements are assigned the same probability---otherwise, we would end up in a circular situation where we require a prover in order to assign beliefs. We then examine (1) conjecturing as (statistical) model selection and (2) an alternating-turn proving game amenable (in principle) to self-play training to learn a prover that is both complete in the limit and sound provided that players maintain "reasonable" beliefs. Dnfs have super-exponential space requirements so the ideas in this paper should be taken as conducting a thought experiment on "learning to prove". As a step towards making the ideas practical, we will comment on how abstractions can be used to control the space requirements at the cost of completeness. 

005__ Non-local Networks Meet Squeeze-Excitation Networks and Beyond__arXiv:1904.11492
Author: Yue Cao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11492
 Abstract: The Non-Local Network (NLNet) presents a pioneering approach for capturing long-range dependencies, via aggregating query-specific global context to each query position. However, through a rigorous empirical analysis, we have found that the global contexts modeled by non-local network are almost the same for different query positions within an image. In this paper, we take advantage of this finding to create a simplified network based on a query-independent formulation, which maintains the accuracy of NLNet but with significantly less computation. We further observe that this simplified design shares similar structure with Squeeze-Excitation Network (SENet). Hence we unify them into a three-step general framework for global context modeling. Within the general framework, we design a better instantiation, called the global context (GC) block, which is lightweight and can effectively model the global context. The lightweight property allows us to apply it for multiple layers in a backbone network to construct a global context network (GCNet), which generally outperforms both simplified NLNet and SENet on major benchmarks for various recognition tasks. The code and configurations are released at this https URL 

006__ Local Relation Networks for Image Recognition__arXiv:1904.11491
Author: Han Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11491
 Abstract: The convolution layer has been the dominant feature extractor in computer vision for years. However, the spatial aggregation in convolution is basically a pattern matching process that applies fixed filters which are inefficient at modeling visual elements with varying spatial distributions. This paper presents a new image feature extractor, called the local relation layer, that adaptively determines aggregation weights based on the compositional relationship of local pixel pairs. With this relational approach, it can composite visual elements into higher-level entities in a more efficient manner that benefits semantic inference. A network built with local relation layers, called the Local Relation Network (LR-Net), is found to provide greater modeling capacity than its counterpart built with regular convolution on large-scale recognition tasks such as ImageNet classification. 

007__ Safe Reinforcement Learning with Scene Decomposition for Navigating  Complex Urban Environments__arXiv:1904.11483
Author: Maxime Bouton
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11483
 Abstract: Navigating urban environments represents a complex task for automated vehicles. They must reach their goal safely and efficiently while considering a multitude of traffic participants. We propose a modular decision making algorithm to autonomously navigate intersections, addressing challenges of existing rule-based and reinforcement learning (RL) approaches. We first present a safe RL algorithm relying on a model-checker to ensure safety guarantees. To make the decision strategy robust to perception errors and occlusions, we introduce a belief update technique using a learning based approach. Finally, we use a scene decomposition approach to scale our algorithm to environments with multiple traffic participants. We empirically demonstrate that our algorithm outperforms rule-based methods and reinforcement learning techniques on a complex intersection scenario. 

008__ Importance of Copying Mechanism for News Headline Generation__arXiv:1904.11475
Author: Ilya Gusev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11475
 Abstract: News headline generation is an essential problem of text summarization because it is constrained, well-defined, and is still hard to solve. Models with a limited vocabulary can not solve it well, as new named entities can appear regularly in the news and these entities often should be in the headline. News articles in morphologically rich languages such as Russian require model modifications due to a large number of possible word forms. This study aims to validate that models with a possibility of copying words from the original article performs better than models without such an option. The proposed model achieves a mean ROUGE score of 23 on the provided test dataset, which is 8 points greater than the result of a similar model without a copying mechanism. Moreover, the resulting model performs better than any known model on the new dataset of Russian news. 

009__ a Source of Plateaus in Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1904.11455
Author: Tom Schaul
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11455
 Abstract: Rather than proposing a new method, this paper investigates an issue present in existing learning algorithms. We study the learning dynamics of reinforcement learning (RL), specifically a characteristic coupling between learning and data generation that arises because RL agents control their future data distribution. In the presence of function approximation, this coupling can lead to a problematic type of 'ray interference', characterized by learning dynamics that sequentially traverse a number of performance plateaus, effectively constraining the agent to learn one thing at a time even when learning in parallel is better. We establish the conditions under which ray interference occurs, show its relation to saddle points and obtain the exact learning dynamics in a restricted setting. We characterize a number of its properties and discuss possible remedies. 

010__ Faster and More Accurate Learning with Meta Trace Adaptation__arXiv:1904.11439
Author: Mingde Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11439
 Abstract: Learning speed and accuracy are of universal interest for reinforcement learning problems. In this paper, we investigate meta-learning approaches for adaptation of the trace decay parameter {\lambda} used in TD({\lambda}), from the perspective of optimizing a bias-variance tradeoff. We propose an off-policy applicable method of meta-learning the {\lambda} parameters via optimizing a metaobjective with effcient incremental updates. The proposed trust-region style algorithm, under proper assumptions, is shown to be equivalent to optimizing the bias-variance tradeoff for the overall target for all states. In experiments, we validate the effectiveness of the proposed method MTA showing its significantly faster and more accurate learning patterns compared to the compared methods and baselines. 

011__ Decentralized Multi-Task Learning Based on Extreme Learning Machines__arXiv:1904.11366
Author: Yu Ye
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11366
 Abstract: In multi-task learning (MTL), related tasks learn jointly to improve generalization performance. To exploit the high learning speed of extreme learning machines (ELMs), we apply the ELM framework to the MTL problem, where the output weights of ELMs for all the tasks are learned collaboratively. We first present the ELM based MTL problem in the centralized setting, which is solved by the proposed MTL-ELM algorithm. Due to the fact that many data sets of different tasks are geo-distributed, decentralized machine learning is studied. We formulate the decentralized MTL problem based on ELM as majorized multi-block optimization with coupled bi-convex objective functions. To solve the problem, we propose the DMTL-ELM algorithm, which is a hybrid Jacobian and Gauss-Seidel Proximal multi-block alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). Further, to reduce the computation load of DMTL-ELM, DMTL-ELM with first-order approximation (FO-DMTL-ELM) is presented. Theoretical analysis shows that the convergence to the stationary point of DMTL-ELM and FO-DMTL-ELM can be guaranteed conditionally. Through simulations, we demonstrate the convergence of proposed MTL-ELM, DMTL-ELM, and FO-DMTL-ELM algorithms, and also show that they can outperform existing MTL methods. Moreover, by adjusting the dimension of hidden feature space, there exists a trade-off between communication load and learning accuracy for DMTL-ELM. 

012__ Local Adversarial Disentangling Network for Facial Makeup and  De-Makeup__arXiv:1904.11272
Author: Qiao Gu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11272
 Abstract: We propose a local adversarial disentangling network (LADN) for facial makeup and de-makeup. Central to our method are multiple and overlapping local adversarial discriminators in a content-style disentangling network for achieving local detail transfer between facial images, with the use of asymmetric loss functions for dramatic makeup styles with high-frequency details. Existing techniques do not demonstrate or fail to transfer high-frequency details in a global adversarial setting, or train a single local discriminator only to ensure image structure consistency and thus work only for relatively simple styles. Unlike others, our proposed local adversarial discriminators can distinguish whether the generated local image details are consistent with the corresponding regions in the given reference image in cross-image style transfer in an unsupervised setting. Incorporating these technical contributions, we achieve not only state-of-the-art results on conventional styles but also novel results involving complex and dramatic styles with high-frequency details covering large areas across multiple facial features. A carefully designed dataset of unpaired before and after makeup images will be released. 

013__ Towards Explainable Anticancer Compound Sensitivity Prediction via  Multimodal Attention-based Convolutional Encoders__arXiv:1904.11223
Author: Matteo Manica
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11223
 Abstract: In line with recent advances in neural drug design and sensitivity prediction, we propose a novel architecture for interpretable prediction of anticancer compound sensitivity using a multimodal attention-based convolutional encoder. Our model is based on the three key pillars of drug sensitivity: compounds' structure in the form of a SMILES sequence, gene expression profiles of tumors and prior knowledge on intracellular interactions from protein-protein interaction networks. We demonstrate that our multiscale convolutional attention-based (MCA) encoder significantly outperforms a baseline model trained on Morgan fingerprints, a selection of encoders based on SMILES as well as previously reported state of the art for multimodal drug sensitivity prediction (R2 = 0.86 and RMSE = 0.89). Moreover, the explainability of our approach is demonstrated by a thorough analysis of the attention weights. We show that the attended genes significantly enrich apoptotic processes and that the drug attention is strongly correlated with a standard chemical structure similarity index. Finally, we report a case study of two receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitors acting on a leukemia cell line, showcasing the ability of the model to focus on informative genes and submolecular regions of the two compounds. The demonstrated generalizability and the interpretability of our model testify its potential for in-silico prediction of anticancer compound efficacy on unseen cancer cells, positioning it as a valid solution for the development of personalized therapies as well as for the evaluation of candidate compounds in de novo drug design. 

014__ Optimal Approach for Image Recognition using Deep Convolutional  Architecture__arXiv:1904.11187
Author: Parth Shah
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11187
 Abstract: In the recent time deep learning has achieved huge popularity due to its performance in various machine learning algorithms. Deep learning as hierarchical or structured learning attempts to model high level abstractions in data by using a group of processing layers. The foundation of deep learning architectures is inspired by the understanding of information processing and neural responses in human brain. The architectures are created by stacking multiple linear or non-linear operations. The article mainly focuses on the state-of-art deep learning models and various real world applications specific training methods. Selecting optimal architecture for specific problem is a challenging task, at a closing stage of the article we proposed optimal approach to deep convolutional architecture for the application of image recognition. 

015__ A combined approach for handling occlusion in Human Pose  Estimation__arXiv:1904.11157
Author: Rohit Jena
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11157
 Abstract: Human Pose estimation is a challenging problem, especially in the case of 3D pose estimation from 2D images due to many different factors like occlusion, depth ambiguities, intertwining of people, and in general crowds. 2D multi-person human pose estimation in the wild also suffers from the same problems - occlusion, ambiguities, and disentanglement of people's body parts. Being a fundamental problem with loads of applications, including but not limited to surveillance, economical motion capture for video games and movies, and physiotherapy, this is an interesting problem to be solved both from a practical perspective and from an intellectual perspective as well. Although there are cases where no pose estimation can ever predict with 100% accuracy (cases where even humans would fail), there are several algorithms that have brought new state-of-the-art performance in human pose estimation in the wild. We look at a few algorithms with different approaches and also formulate our own approach to tackle a consistently bugging problem, i.e. occlusions. 

016__ Lipschitz Bandit Optimization with Improved Efficiency__arXiv:1904.11131
Author: Xu Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11131
 Abstract: We consider the Lipschitz bandit optimization problem with an emphasis on practical efficiency. Although there is rich literature on regret analysis of this type of problem, e.g., [Kleinberg et al. 2008, Bubeck et al. 2011, Slivkins 2014], their proposed algorithms suffer from serious practical problems including extreme time complexity and dependence on oracle implementations. With this motivation, we propose a novel algorithm with an Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) exploration, namely Tree UCB-Hoeffding, using adaptive partitions. Our partitioning scheme is easy to implement and does not require any oracle settings. With a tree-based search strategy, the total computational cost can be improved to $\mathcal{O}(T\log T)$ for the first $T$ iterations. In addition, our algorithm achieves the regret lower bound up to a logarithmic factor. 

017__ Deep Reinforcement Learning for Optimal Critical Care Pain Management  with Morphine using Dueling Double-Deep Q Networks__arXiv:1904.11115
Author: Daniel Lopez-Martinez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11115
 Abstract: Opioids are the preferred medications for the treatment of pain in the intensive care unit. While undertreatment leads to unrelieved pain and poor clinical outcomes, excessive use of opioids puts patients at risk of experiencing multiple adverse effects. In this work, we present a sequential decision making framework for opioid dosing based on deep reinforcement learning. It provides real-time clinically interpretable dosing recommendations, personalized according to each patient's evolving pain and physiological condition. We focus on morphine, one of the most commonly prescribed opioids. To train and evaluate the model, we used retrospective data from the publicly available MIMIC-3 database. Our results demonstrate that reinforcement learning may be used to aid decision making in the intensive care setting by providing personalized pain management interventions. 

018__ Fixed Time, Near-Optimal Path Generation via  Oracle Imitation__arXiv:1904.11102
Author: Mayur J. Bency
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11102
 Abstract: Fast and efficient path generation is critical for robots operating in complex environments. This motion planning problem is often performed in a robot's actuation or configuration space, where popular pathfinding methods such as A*, RRT*, get exponentially more computationally expensive to execute as the dimensionality increases or the spaces become more cluttered and complex. On the other hand, if one were to save the entire set of paths connecting all pair of locations in the configuration space a priori, one would run out of memory very quickly. In this work, we introduce a novel way of producing fast and optimal motion plans for static environments by using a stepping neural network approach, called OracleNet. OracleNet uses Recurrent Neural Networks to determine end-to-end trajectories in an iterative manner that implicitly generates optimal motion plans with minimal loss in performance in a compact form. The algorithm is straightforward in implementation while consistently generating near-optimal paths in a single, iterative, end-to-end roll-out. In practice, OracleNet generally has fixed-time execution regardless of the configuration space complexity while outperforming popular pathfinding algorithms in complex environments and higher dimensions 

019__ The Commute Trip Sharing Problem__arXiv:1904.11017
Author: Mohd Hafiz Hasan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.11017
 Abstract: Parking pressure has been steadily increasing in cities as well as in university and corporate campuses. To relieve this pressure, this paper studies a car-pooling platform that would match riders and drivers, while guaranteeing a ride back and exploiting spatial and temporal locality. In particular, the paper formalizes the Commute Trip Sharing Problem (CTSP) to find a routing plan that maximizes ride sharing for a set of commute trips. The CTSP is a generalization of the vehicle routing problem with routes that satisfy time window, capacity, pairing, precedence, ride duration, and driver constraints. The paper introduces two exact algorithms for the CTPS: A route-enumeration algorithm and a branch-and-price algorithm. Experimental results show that, on a high-fidelity, real-world dataset of commute trips from a mid-size city, both algorithms optimally solve small and medium-sized problems and produce high-quality solutions for larger problem instances. The results show that car pooling, if widely adopted, has the potential to reduce vehicle usage by up to 57% and decrease vehicle miles traveled by up to 46% while only incurring a 22% increase in average ride time per commuter for the trips considered. 

020__ The utility of a convolutional neural network for generating a myelin  volume index map from rapid simultaneous relaxometry imaging__arXiv:1904.10960
Author: Yasuhiko Tachibana
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.10960
 Abstract: Background and Purpose: A current algorithm to obtain a synthetic myelin volume fraction map (SyMVF) from rapid simultaneous relaxometry imaging (RSRI) has a potential problem, that it does not incorporate information from surrounding pixels. The purpose of this study was to develop a method that utilizes a convolutional neural network (CNN) to overcome this problem. Methods: RSRI and magnetization transfer images from 20 healthy volunteers were included. A CNN was trained to reconstruct RSRI-related metric maps into a myelin volume-related index (generated myelin volume index: GenMVI) map using the myelin volume index map calculated from magnetization transfer images (MTMVI) as reference. The SyMVF and GenMVI maps were statistically compared by testing how well they correlated with the MTMVI map. The correlations were evaluated based on: (i) averaged values obtained from 164 atlas-based ROIs, and (ii) pixel-based comparison for ROIs defined in four different tissue types (cortical and subcortical gray matter, white matter, and whole brain). Results: For atlas-based ROIs, the overall correlation with the MTMVI map was higher for the GenMVI map than for the SyMVF map. In the pixel-based comparison, correlation with the MTMVI map was stronger for the GenMVI map than for the SyMVF map, and the difference in the distribution for the volunteers was significant (Wilcoxon sign-rank test, P<.001) in all tissue types. Conclusion: The proposed method is useful, as it can incorporate more specific information about local tissue properties than the existing method. 