------------------------------
Wed, Jun 05  2019
------------------------------
38 new papers today.

001__ Representational Similarity and Stability  Analysis of Neural Language Models and Brains__arXiv:1906.01539
Author: Samira Abnar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01539
 Abstract: In this paper, we define and apply representational stability analysis (ReStA), an intuitive way of analyzing neural language models. ReStA is a variant of the popular representational similarity analysis (RSA) in cognitive neuroscience. While RSA can be used to compare representations in models, model components, and human brains, ReStA compares instances of the same model, while systematically varying single model parameter. Using ReStA, we study four recent and successful neural language models, and evaluate how sensitive their internal representations are to the amount of prior context. Using RSA, we perform a systematic study of how similar the representational spaces in the first and second (or higher) layers of these models are to each other and to patterns of activation in the human brain. Our results reveal surprisingly strong differences between language models, and give insights into where the deep linguistic processing, that integrates information over multiple sentences, is happening in these models. The combination of ReStA and RSA on models and brains allows us to start addressing the important question of what kind of linguistic processes we can hope to observe in fMRI brain imaging data. In particular, our results suggest that the data on story reading from Wehbe et al. (2014) contains a signal of shallow linguistic processing, but show no evidence on the more interesting deep linguistic processing. 

002__ Off-Policy Evaluation via Off-Policy Classification__arXiv:1906.01624
Author: Alex Irpan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01624
 Abstract: In this work, we consider the problem of model selection for deep reinforcement learning (RL) in real-world environments. Typically, the performance of deep RL algorithms is evaluated via on-policy interactions with the target environment. However, comparing models in a real-world environment for the purposes of early stopping or hyperparameter tuning is costly and often practically infeasible. This leads us to examine off-policy policy evaluation (OPE) in such settings. We focus on OPE for value-based methods, which are of particular interest in deep RL, with applications like robotics, where off-policy algorithms based on Q-function estimation can often attain better sample complexity than direct policy optimization. Existing OPE metrics either rely on a model of the environment, or the use of importance sampling (IS) to correct for the data being off-policy. However, for high-dimensional observations, such as images, models of the environment can be difficult to fit and value-based methods can make IS hard to use or even ill-conditioned, especially when dealing with continuous action spaces. In this paper, we focus on the specific case of MDPs with continuous action spaces and sparse binary rewards, which is representative of many important real-world applications. We propose an alternative metric that relies on neither models nor IS, by framing OPE as a positive-unlabeled (PU) classification problem with the Q-function as the decision function. We experimentally show that this metric outperforms baselines on a number of tasks. Most importantly, it can reliably predict the relative performance of different policies in a number of generalization scenarios, including the transfer to the real-world of policies trained in simulation for an image-based robotic manipulation task. 

003__ Are Girls Neko or Sh¨­jo? Cross-Lingual Alignment of Non-Isomorphic  Embeddings with Iterative Normalization__arXiv:1906.01622
Author: Mozhi Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01622
 Abstract: Cross-lingual word embeddings (CLWE) underlie many multilingual natural language processing systems, often through orthogonal transformations of pre-trained monolingual embeddings. However, orthogonal mapping only works on language pairs whose embeddings are naturally isomorphic. For non-isomorphic pairs, our method (Iterative Normalization) transforms monolingual embeddings to make orthogonal alignment easier by simultaneously enforcing that (1) individual word vectors are unit length, and (2) each language's average vector is zero. Iterative Normalization consistently improves word translation accuracy of three CLWE methods, with the largest improvement observed on English-Japanese (from 2% to 44% test accuracy). 

004__ Continuous 3D-Structure-Aware Neural  Scene Representations__arXiv:1906.01618
Author: Vincent Sitzmann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01618
 Abstract: The advent of deep learning has given rise to neural scene representations - learned mathematical models of a 3D environment. However, many of these representations do not explicitly reason about geometry and thus do not account for the underlying 3D structure of the scene. In contrast, geometric deep learning has explored 3D-structure-aware representations of scene geometry, but requires explicit 3D supervision. We propose Scene Representation Networks (SRNs), a continuous, 3D-structure-aware scene representation that encodes both geometry and appearance. SRNs represent scenes as continuous functions that map world coordinates to a feature representation of local scene properties. By formulating the image formation as a differentiable ray-marching algorithm, SRNs can be trained end-to-end from only 2D observations, without access to depth or geometry. This formulation naturally generalizes across scenes, learning powerful geometry and appearance priors in the process. We demonstrate the potential of SRNs by evaluating them for novel view synthesis, few-shot reconstruction, joint shape and appearance interpolation, and unsupervised discovery of a non-rigid face model. 

005__ Transferable Neural Projection Representations__arXiv:1906.01605
Author: Chinnadhurai Sankar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01605
 Abstract: Neural word representations are at the core of many state-of-the-art natural language processing models. A widely used approach is to pre-train, store and look up word or character embedding matrices. While useful, such representations occupy huge memory making it hard to deploy on-device and often do not generalize to unknown words due to vocabulary pruning. In this paper, we propose a skip-gram based architecture coupled with Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) projections to learn efficient dynamically computable representations. Our model does not need to store lookup tables as representations are computed on-the-fly and require low memory footprint. The representations can be trained in an unsupervised fashion and can be easily transferred to other NLP tasks. For qualitative evaluation, we analyze the nearest neighbors of the word representations and discover semantically similar words even with misspellings. For quantitative evaluation, we plug our transferable projections into a simple LSTM and run it on multiple NLP tasks and show how our transferable projections achieve better performance compared to prior work. 

006__ Do Neural Dialog Systems Use the Conversation History Effectively? An  Empirical Study__arXiv:1906.01603
Author: Chinnadhurai Sankar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01603
 Abstract: Neural generative models have been become increasingly popular when building conversational agents. They offer flexibility, can be easily adapted to new domains, and require minimal domain engineering. A common criticism of these systems is that they seldom understand or use the available dialog history effectively. In this paper, we take an empirical approach to understanding how these models use the available dialog history by studying the sensitivity of the models to artificially introduced unnatural changes or perturbations to their context at test time. We experiment with 10 different types of perturbations on 4 multi-turn dialog datasets and find that commonly used neural dialog architectures like recurrent and transformer-based seq2seq models are rarely sensitive to most perturbations such as missing or reordering utterances, shuffling words, etc. Also, by open-sourcing our code, we believe that it will serve as a useful diagnostic tool for evaluating dialog systems in the future. 

007__ Privacy-preserving Crowd-guided AI Decision-making in Ethical Dilemmas__arXiv:1906.01562
Author: Teng Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01562
 Abstract: With the rapid development of artificial intelligence (AI), ethical issues surrounding AI have attracted increasing attention. In particular, autonomous vehicles may face moral dilemmas in accident scenarios, such as staying the course resulting in hurting pedestrians or swerving leading to hurting passengers. To investigate such ethical dilemmas, recent studies have adopted preference aggregation, in which each voter expresses her/his preferences over decisions for the possible ethical dilemma scenarios, and a centralized system aggregates these preferences to obtain the winning decision. Although a useful methodology for building ethical AI systems, such an approach can potentially violate the privacy of voters since moral preferences are sensitive information and their disclosure can be exploited by malicious parties. In this paper, we report a first-of-its-kind privacy-preserving crowd-guided AI decision-making approach in ethical dilemmas. We adopt the notion of differential privacy to quantify privacy and consider four granularities of privacy protection by taking voter-/record-level privacy protection and centralized/distributed perturbation into account, resulting in four approaches VLCP, RLCP, VLDP, and RLDP. Moreover, we propose different algorithms to achieve these privacy protection granularities, while retaining the accuracy of the learned moral preference model. Specifically, VLCP and RLCP are implemented with the data aggregator setting a universal privacy parameter and perturbing the averaged moral preference to protect the privacy of voters' data. VLDP and RLDP are implemented in such a way that each voter perturbs her/his local moral preference with a personalized privacy parameter. Extensive experiments on both synthetic and real data demonstrate that the proposed approach can achieve high accuracy of preference aggregation while protecting individual voter's privacy. 

008__ Disentangling neural mechanisms for perceptual grouping__arXiv:1906.01558
Author: Junkyung Kim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01558
 Abstract: Forming perceptual groups and individuating objects in visual scenes is an essential step towards visual intelligence. This ability is thought to arise in the brain from computations implemented by bottom-up, horizontal, and top-down connections between neurons. However, the relative contributions of these connections to perceptual grouping are poorly understood. We address this question by systematically evaluating neural network architectures featuring combinations of these connections on two synthetic visual tasks, which stress low-level `gestalt' vs. high-level object cues for perceptual grouping. We show that increasing the difficulty of either task strains learning for networks that rely solely on bottom-up processing. Horizontal connections resolve this limitation on tasks with gestalt cues by supporting incremental spatial propagation of activities, whereas top-down connections rescue learning on tasks featuring object cues by propagating coarse predictions about the position of the target object. Our findings disassociate the computational roles of bottom-up, horizontal and top-down connectivity, and demonstrate how a model featuring all of these interactions can more flexibly learn to form perceptual groups. 

009__ In-memory hyperdimensional computing__arXiv:1906.01548
Author: Geethan Karunaratne
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01548
 Abstract: Hyperdimensional computing (HDC) is an emerging computing framework that takes inspiration from attributes of neuronal circuits such as hyperdimensionality, fully distributed holographic representation, and (pseudo)randomness. When employed for machine learning tasks such as learning and classification, HDC involves manipulation and comparison of large patterns within memory. Moreover, a key attribute of HDC is its robustness to the imperfections associated with the computational substrates on which it is implemented. It is therefore particularly amenable to emerging non-von Neumann paradigms such as in-memory computing, where the physical attributes of nanoscale memristive devices are exploited to perform computation in place. Here, we present a complete in-memory HDC system that achieves a near-optimum trade-off between design complexity and classification accuracy based on three prototypical HDC related learning tasks, namely, language classification, news classification, and hand gesture recognition from electromyography signals. Comparable accuracies to software implementations are demonstrated, experimentally, using 760,000 phase-change memory devices performing analog in-memory computing. 

010__ Building Common Ground through Visually-Grounded  Dialogue__arXiv:1906.01530
Author: Janosch Haber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01530
 Abstract: This paper introduces the PhotoBook dataset, a large-scale collection of visually-grounded, task-oriented dialogues in English designed to investigate shared dialogue history accumulating during conversation. Taking inspiration from seminal work on dialogue analysis, we propose a data-collection task formulated as a collaborative game prompting two online participants to refer to images utilising both their visual context as well as previously established referring expressions. We provide a detailed description of the task setup and a thorough analysis of the 2,500 dialogues collected. To further illustrate the novel features of the dataset, we propose a baseline model for reference resolution which uses a simple method to take into account shared information accumulated in a reference chain. Our results show that this information is particularly important to resolve later descriptions and underline the need to develop more sophisticated models of common ground in dialogue interaction. 

011__ The Intrinsic Robustness of Stochastic Bandits to Strategic Manipulation__arXiv:1906.01528
Author: Zhe Feng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01528
 Abstract: We study the behavior of stochastic bandits algorithms under \emph{strategic behavior} conducted by rational actors, i.e., the arms. Each arm is a strategic player who can modify its own reward whenever pulled, subject to a cross-period budget constraint. Each arm is \emph{self-interested} and seeks to maximize its own expected number of times of being pulled over a decision horizon. Strategic manipulations naturally arise in various economic applications, e.g., recommendation systems such as Yelp and Amazon. We analyze the robustness of three popular bandit algorithms: UCB, $\varepsilon$-Greedy, and Thompson Sampling. We prove that all three algorithms achieve a regret upper bound $\mathcal{O}(\max \{ B, \ln T\})$ under \emph{any} (possibly adaptive) strategy of the strategic arms, where $B$ is the total budget across arms. Moreover, we prove that our regret upper bound is \emph{tight}. Our results illustrate the intrinsic robustness of bandits algorithms against strategic manipulation so long as $B=o(T)$. This is in sharp contrast to the more pessimistic model of adversarial attacks where an attack budget of $\mathcal{O}(\ln T) $ can trick UCB and $\varepsilon$-Greedy to pull the optimal arm only $o(T)$ number of times. Our results hold for both bounded and unbounded rewards. 

012__ Embedded hyper-parameter tuning by Simulated Annealing__arXiv:1906.01504
Author: Matteo Fischetti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01504
 Abstract: We propose a new metaheuristic training scheme that combines Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) and Discrete Optimization in an unconventional way. Our idea is to define a discrete neighborhood of the current SGD point containing a number of "potentially good moves" that exploit gradient information, and to search this neighborhood by using a classical metaheuristic scheme borrowed from Discrete Optimization. In the present paper we investigate the use of a simple Simulated Annealing (SA) metaheuristic that accepts/rejects a candidate new solution in the neighborhood with a probability that depends both on the new solution quality and on a parameter (the temperature) which is modified over time to lower the probability of accepting worsening moves. We use this scheme as an automatic way to perform hyper-parameter tuning, hence the title of the paper. A distinctive feature of our scheme is that hyper-parameters are modified within a single SGD execution (and not in an external loop, as customary) and evaluated on the fly on the current minibatch, i.e., their tuning is fully embedded within the SGD algorithm. The use of SA for training is not new, but previous proposals were mainly intended for non-differentiable objective functions for which SGD is not applied due to the lack of gradients. On the contrary, our SA method requires differentiability of (a proxy of) the loss function, and leverages on the availability of a gradient direction to define local moves that have a large probability to improve the current solution. Computational results on image classification (CIFAR-10) are reported, showing that the proposed approach leads to an improvement of the final validation accuracy for modern Deep Neural Networks such as ResNet34 and VGG16. 

013__ How multilingual is Multilingual BERT?__arXiv:1906.01502
Author: Telmo Pires
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01502
 Abstract: In this paper, we show that Multilingual BERT (M-BERT), released by Devlin et al. (2018) as a single language model pre-trained from monolingual corpora in 104 languages, is surprisingly good at zero-shot cross-lingual model transfer, in which task-specific annotations in one language are used to fine-tune the model for evaluation in another language. To understand why, we present a large number of probing experiments, showing that transfer is possible even to languages in different scripts, that transfer works best between typologically similar languages, that monolingual corpora can train models for code-switching, and that the model can find translation pairs. From these results, we can conclude that M-BERT does create multilingual representations, but that these representations exhibit systematic deficiencies affecting certain language pairs. 

014__ Grounding behavioural hierarchies in multi-agent  RL__arXiv:1906.01470
Author: Alexander Sasha Vezhnevets
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01470
 Abstract: We propose a novel hierarchical agent architecture for multi-agent reinforcement learning with concealed information. The hierarchy is grounded in the concealed information about other players, which resolves "the chicken or the egg" nature of option discovery. We factorise the value function over a latent representation of the concealed information and then re-use this latent space to factorise the policy into options. Low-level policies (options) are trained to respond to particular states of other agents grouped by the latent representation, while the top level (meta-policy) learns to infer the latent representation from its own observation thereby to select the right option. This grounding facilitates credit assignment across the levels of hierarchy. We show that this helps generalisation---performance against a held-out set of pre-trained competitors, while training in self- or population-play---and resolution of social dilemmas in self-play. 

015__  France 1789-1914__arXiv:1906.01440
Author: Rocco Tripodi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01440
 Abstract: We investigate some aspects of the history of antisemitism in France, one of the cradles of modern antisemitism, using diachronic word embeddings. We constructed a large corpus of French books and periodicals issues that contain a keyword related to Jews and performed a diachronic word embedding over the 1789-1914 period. We studied the changes over time in the semantic spaces of 4 target words and performed embedding projections over 6 streams of antisemitic discourse. This allowed us to track the evolution of antisemitic bias in the religious, economic, socio-politic, racial, ethic and conspiratorial domains. Projections show a trend of growing antisemitism, especially in the years starting in the mid-80s and culminating in the Dreyfus affair. Our analysis also allows us to highlight the peculiar adverse bias towards Judaism in the broader context of other religions. 

016__ Guiding Deep Learning with Advice__arXiv:1906.01432
Author: Mayukh Das
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01432
 Abstract: Recently, deep models have had considerable success in several tasks, especially with low-level representations. However, effective learning from sparse noisy samples is a major challenge in most deep models, especially in domains with structured representations. Inspired by the proven success of human guided machine learning, we propose Knowledge-augmented Column Networks, a relational deep learning framework that leverages human advice/knowledge to learn better models in presence of sparsity and systematic noise. 

017__ Hypothesis-Driven Skill Discovery for Hierarchical Deep Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1906.01408
Author: Caleb Chuck
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01408
 Abstract: Deep reinforcement learning encompasses many versatile tools for designing learning agents that can perform well on a variety of high-dimensional visual tasks, ranging from video games to robotic manipulation. However, these methods typically suffer from poor sample efficiency, partially because they strive to be largely problem-agnostic. In this work, we demonstrate the utility of a different approach that is extremely sample efficient, but limited to object-centric tasks that (approximately) obey basic physical laws. Specifically, we propose the Hypothesis Proposal and Evaluation (HyPE) algorithm, which utilizes a small set of intuitive assumptions about the behavior of objects in the physical world (or in games that mimic physics) to automatically define and learn hierarchical skills in a highly efficient manner. HyPE does this by discovering objects from raw pixel data, generating hypotheses about the controllability of observed changes in object state, and learning a hierarchy of skills that can test these hypotheses and control increasingly complex interactions with objects. We demonstrate that HyPE can dramatically improve sample efficiency when learning a high-quality pixels-to-actions policy; in the popular benchmark task, Breakout, HyPE learns an order of magnitude faster than common baseline reinforcement learning and evolutionary strategies for policy learning. 

018__ Crowdsourcing Reinforcement Learning for Knee Replacement  Pathway Optimization__arXiv:1906.01407
Author: Hao Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01407
 Abstract: Joint replacement is the most common inpatient surgical treatment in the US. We investigate the clinical pathway optimization for knee replacement, which is a sequential decision process from onset to recovery. Based on episodic claims from previous cases, we view the pathway optimization as an intelligence crowdsourcing problem and learn the optimal decision policy from data by imitating the best expert at every intermediate state. We develop a reinforcement learning-based pipeline that uses value iteration, state compression and aggregation learning, kernel representation and cross validation to predict the best treatment policy. It also provides forecast of the clinical pathway under the optimized policy. Empirical validation shows that the optimized policy reduces the overall cost by 7 percent and reduces the excessive cost premium by 33 percent. 

019__ Unsupervised Emergence of Egocentric Spatial Structure from Sensorimotor  Prediction__arXiv:1906.01401
Author: Alban Laflaqui¨¨re
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01401
 Abstract: Despite its omnipresence in robotics application, the nature of spatial knowledge and the mechanisms that underlie its emergence in autonomous agents are still poorly understood. Recent theoretical works suggest that the Euclidean structure of space induces invariants in an agent's raw sensorimotor experience. We hypothesize that capturing these invariants is beneficial for sensorimotor prediction and that, under certain exploratory conditions, a motor representation capturing the structure of the external space should emerge as a byproduct of learning to predict future sensory experiences. We propose a simple sensorimotor predictive scheme, apply it to different agents and types of exploration, and evaluate the pertinence of these hypotheses. We show that a naive agent can capture the topology and metric regularity of its sensor's position in an egocentric spatial frame without any a priori knowledge, nor extraneous supervision. 

020__ A Typed Event-Focused Lexical Inference Benchmark for  Evaluating Natural Language Inference__arXiv:1906.01393
Author: Martin Schmitt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01393
 Abstract: We present SherLIiC, a testbed for lexical inference in context (LIiC), consisting of 3985 manually annotated inference rule candidates (InfCands), accompanied by (i) ~960k unlabeled InfCands, and (ii) ~190k typed textual relations between Freebase entities extracted from the large entity-linked corpus ClueWeb09. Each InfCand consists of one of these relations, expressed as a lemmatized dependency path, and two argument placeholders, each linked to one or more Freebase types. Due to our candidate selection process based on strong distributional evidence, SherLIiC is much harder than existing testbeds because distributional evidence is of little utility in the classification of InfCands. We also show that, due to its construction, many of SherLIiC's correct InfCands are novel and missing from existing rule bases. We evaluate a number of strong baselines on SherLIiC, ranging from semantic vector space models to state of the art neural models of natural language inference (NLI). We show that SherLIiC poses a tough challenge to existing NLI systems. 

021__ Autonomous Reinforcement Learning of Multiple Interrelated Tasks__arXiv:1906.01374
Author: Vieri Giuliano Santucci
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01374
 Abstract: Autonomous multiple tasks learning is a fundamental capability to develop versatile artificial agents that can act in complex environments. In real-world scenarios, tasks may be interrelated (or "hierarchical") so that a robot has to first learn to achieve some of them to set the preconditions for learning other ones. Even though different strategies have been used in robotics to tackle the acquisition of interrelated tasks, in particular within the developmental robotics framework, autonomous learning in this kind of scenarios is still an open question. Building on previous research in the framework of intrinsically motivated open-ended learning, in this work we describe how this question can be addressed working on the level of task selection, in particular considering the multiple interrelated tasks scenario as an MDP where the system is trying to maximise its competence over all the tasks. 

022__ Motion Planning using Sequential  Simplifications__arXiv:1906.01350
Author: Andreas Orthey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01350
 Abstract: Motion planning problems can be simplified by admissible projections of the configuration space to sequences of lower-dimensional quotient-spaces, called sequential simplifications. To exploit sequential simplifications, we present the Quotient-space Rapidly-exploring Random Trees (QRRT) algorithm. QRRT takes as input a start and a goal configuration, and a sequence of quotient-spaces. The algorithm grows trees on the quotient-spaces both sequentially and simultaneously to guarantee a dense coverage. QRRT is shown to be (1) probabilistically complete, and (2) can reduce the runtime by at least one order of magnitude. However, we show in experiments that the runtime varies substantially between different quotient-space sequences. To find out why, we perform an additional experiment, showing that the more narrow an environment, the more a quotient-space sequence can reduce runtime. 

023__ Boosting Entity Linking Performance by Leveraging Unlabeled Documents__arXiv:1906.01250
Author: Phong Le
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01250
 Abstract: Modern entity linking systems rely on large collections of documents specifically annotated for the task (e.g., AIDA CoNLL). In contrast, we propose an approach which exploits only naturally occurring information: unlabeled documents and Wikipedia. Our approach consists of two stages. First, we construct a high recall list of candidate entities for each mention in an unlabeled document. Second, we use the candidate lists as weak supervision to constrain our document-level entity linking model. The model treats entities as latent variables and, when estimated on a collection of unlabelled texts, learns to choose entities relying both on local context of each mention and on coherence with other entities in the document. The resulting approach rivals fully-supervised state-of-the-art systems on standard test sets. It also approaches their performance in the very challenging setting: when tested on a test set sampled from the data used to estimate the supervised systems. By comparing to Wikipedia-only training of our model, we demonstrate that modeling unlabeled documents is beneficial. 

024__ A Novel Hyperparameter-free Approach to Decision Tree Construction that  Avoids Overfitting by Design__arXiv:1906.01246
Author: Rafael Garcia Leiva
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01246
 Abstract: Decision trees are an extremely popular machine learning technique. Unfortunately, overfitting in decision trees still remains an open issue that sometimes prevents achieving good performance. In this work, we present a novel approach for the construction of decision trees that avoids the overfitting by design, without losing accuracy. A distinctive feature of our algorithm is that it requires neither the optimization of any hyperparameters, nor the use of regularization techniques, thus significantly reducing the decision tree training time. Moreover, our algorithm produces much smaller and shallower trees than traditional algorithms, facilitating the interpretability of the resulting models. 

025__ using attention to find more generalizable  solutions__arXiv:1906.01234
Author: Kris Korrel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01234
 Abstract: While sequence-to-sequence models have shown remarkable generalization power across several natural language tasks, their construct of solutions are argued to be less compositional than human-like generalization. In this paper, we present seq2attn, a new architecture that is specifically designed to exploit attention to find compositional patterns in the input. In seq2attn, the two standard components of an encoder-decoder model are connected via a transcoder, that modulates the information flow between them. We show that seq2attn can successfully generalize, without requiring any additional supervision, on two tasks which are specifically constructed to challenge the compositional skills of neural networks. The solutions found by the model are highly interpretable, allowing easy analysis of both the types of solutions that are found and potential causes for mistakes. We exploit this opportunity to introduce a new paradigm to test compositionality that studies the extent to which a model overgeneralizes when confronted with exceptions. We show that seq2attn exhibits such overgeneralization to a larger degree than a standard sequence-to-sequence model. 

026__ Coherent Comment Generation for Chinese Articles with a  Graph-to-Sequence Model__arXiv:1906.01231
Author: Wei Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01231
 Abstract: Automatic article commenting is helpful in encouraging user engagement and interaction on online news platforms. However, the news documents are usually too long for traditional encoder-decoder based models, which often results in general and irrelevant comments. In this paper, we propose to generate comments with a graph-to-sequence model that models the input news as a topic interaction graph. By organizing the article into graph structure, our model can better understand the internal structure of the article and the connection between topics, which makes it better able to understand the story. We collect and release a large scale news-comment corpus from a popular Chinese online news platform Tencent Kuaibao. Extensive experiment results show that our model can generate much more coherent and informative comments compared with several strong baseline models. 

027__ Attributed Graph Clustering via Adaptive Graph Convolution__arXiv:1906.01210
Author: Xiaotong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01210
 Abstract: Attributed graph clustering is challenging as it requires joint modelling of graph structures and node attributes. Recent progress on graph convolutional networks has proved that graph convolution is effective in combining structural and content information, and several recent methods based on it have achieved promising clustering performance on some real attributed networks. However, there is limited understanding of how graph convolution affects clustering performance and how to properly use it to optimize performance for different graphs. Existing methods essentially use graph convolution of a fixed and low order that only takes into account neighbours within a few hops of each node, which underutilizes node relations and ignores the diversity of graphs. In this paper, we propose an adaptive graph convolution method for attributed graph clustering that exploits high-order graph convolution to capture global cluster structure and adaptively selects the appropriate order for different graphs. We establish the validity of our method by theoretical analysis and extensive experiments on benchmark datasets. Empirical results show that our method compares favourably with state-of-the-art methods. 

028__ On Privacy Protection of Latent Dirichlet Allocation Model Training__arXiv:1906.01178
Author: Fangyuan Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01178
 Abstract: Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is a popular topic modeling technique for discovery of hidden semantic architecture of text datasets, and plays a fundamental role in many machine learning applications. However, like many other machine learning algorithms, the process of training a LDA model may leak the sensitive information of the training datasets and bring significant privacy risks. To mitigate the privacy issues in LDA, we focus on studying privacy-preserving algorithms of LDA model training in this paper. In particular, we first develop a privacy monitoring algorithm to investigate the privacy guarantee obtained from the inherent randomness of the Collapsed Gibbs Sampling (CGS) process in a typical LDA training algorithm on centralized curated datasets. Then, we further propose a locally private LDA training algorithm on crowdsourced data to provide local differential privacy for individual data contributors. The experimental results on real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithms. 

029__ Towards Fair and Decentralized Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning with  Blockchain__arXiv:1906.01167
Author: Lingjuan Lyu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01167
 Abstract: In collaborative deep learning, current learning frameworks follow either a centralized architecture or a distributed architecture. Whilst centralized architecture deploys a central server to train a global model over the massive amount of joint data from all parties, distributed architecture aggregates parameter updates from participating parties' local model training, via a parameter server. These two server-based architectures present security and robustness vulnerabilities such as single-point-of-failure, single-point-of-breach, privacy leakage, and lack of fairness. To address these problems, we design, implement, and evaluate a purely decentralized privacy-preserving deep learning framework, called DPPDL. DPPDL makes the first investigation on the research problem of fairness in collaborative deep learning, and simultaneously provides fairness and privacy by proposing two novel algorithms: initial benchmarking and privacy-preserving collaborative deep learning. During initial benchmarking, each party trains a local Differentially Private Generative Adversarial Network (DPGAN) and publishes the generated privacy-preserving artificial samples for other parties to label, based on the quality of which to initialize local credibility list for other parties. The local credibility list reflects how much one party contributes to another party, and it is used and updated during collaborative learning to ensure fairness. To protect gradients transaction during privacy-preserving collaborative deep learning, we further put forward a three-layer onion-style encryption scheme. We experimentally demonstrate, on benchmark image datasets, that accuracy, privacy and fairness in collaborative deep learning can be effectively addressed at the same time by our proposed DPPDL framework. Moreover, DPPDL provides a viable solution to detect and isolate the cheating party in the system. 

030__ Learning Object Bounding Boxes for 3D Instance Segmentation on Point  Clouds__arXiv:1906.01140
Author: Bo Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01140
 Abstract: We propose a novel, conceptually simple and general framework for instance segmentation on 3D point clouds. Our method, called 3D-BoNet, follows the simple design philosophy of per-point multilayer perceptrons (MLPs). The framework directly regresses 3D bounding boxes for all instances in a point cloud, while simultaneously predicting a point-level mask for each instance. It consists of a backbone network followed by two parallel network branches for 1) bounding box regression and 2) point mask prediction. 3D-BoNet is single-stage, anchor-free and end-to-end trainable. Moreover, it is remarkably computationally efficient as, unlike existing approaches, it does not require any post-processing steps such as non-maximum suppression, feature sampling, clustering or voting. Extensive experiments show that our approach surpasses existing work on both ScanNet and S3DIS datasets while being approximately 10x more computationally efficient. Comprehensive ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our design. 

031__ Sequential Triggers for Watermarking of Deep Reinforcement Learning  Policies__arXiv:1906.01126
Author: Vahid Behzadan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01126
 Abstract: This paper proposes a novel scheme for the watermarking of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) policies. This scheme provides a mechanism for the integration of a unique identifier within the policy in the form of its response to a designated sequence of state transitions, while incurring minimal impact on the nominal performance of the policy. The applications of this watermarking scheme include detection of unauthorized replications of proprietary policies, as well as enabling the graceful interruption or termination of DRL activities by authorized entities. We demonstrate the feasibility of our proposal via experimental evaluation of watermarking a DQN policy trained in the Cartpole environment. 

032__ Adversarial Exploitation of Policy Imitation__arXiv:1906.01121
Author: Vahid Behzadan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01121
 Abstract: This paper investigates a class of attacks targeting the confidentiality aspect of security in Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) policies. Recent research have established the vulnerability of supervised machine learning models (e.g., classifiers) to model extraction attacks. Such attacks leverage the loosely-restricted ability of the attacker to iteratively query the model for labels, thereby allowing for the forging of a labeled dataset which can be used to train a replica of the original model. In this work, we demonstrate the feasibility of exploiting imitation learning techniques in launching model extraction attacks on DRL agents. Furthermore, we develop proof-of-concept attacks that leverage such techniques for black-box attacks against the integrity of DRL policies. We also present a discussion on potential solution concepts for mitigation techniques. 

033__ Analysis and Improvement of Adversarial Training in DQN Agents With  Adversarially-Guided Exploration (AGE)__arXiv:1906.01119
Author: Vahid Behzadan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01119
 Abstract: This paper investigates the effectiveness of adversarial training in enhancing the robustness of Deep Q-Network (DQN) policies to state-space perturbations. We first present a formal analysis of adversarial training in DQN agents and its performance with respect to the proportion of adversarial perturbations to nominal observations used for training. Next, we consider the sample-inefficiency of current adversarial training techniques, and propose a novel Adversarially-Guided Exploration (AGE) mechanism based on a modified hybrid of the $\epsilon$-greedy algorithm and Boltzmann exploration. We verify the feasibility of this exploration mechanism through experimental evaluation of its performance in comparison with the traditional decaying $\epsilon$-greedy and parameter-space noise exploration algorithms. 

034__ RL-Based Method for Benchmarking the Adversarial Resilience and  Robustness of Deep Reinforcement Learning Policies__arXiv:1906.01110
Author: Vahid Behzadan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01110
 Abstract: This paper investigates the resilience and robustness of Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) policies to adversarial perturbations in the state space. We first present an approach for the disentanglement of vulnerabilities caused by representation learning of DRL agents from those that stem from the sensitivity of the DRL policies to distributional shifts in state transitions. Building on this approach, we propose two RL-based techniques for quantitative benchmarking of adversarial resilience and robustness in DRL policies against perturbations of state transitions. We demonstrate the feasibility of our proposals through experimental evaluation of resilience and robustness in DQN, A2C, and PPO2 policies trained in the Cartpole environment. 

035__ Training Neural Machine Translation To Apply Terminology Constraints__arXiv:1906.01105
Author: Georgiana Dinu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01105
 Abstract: This paper proposes a novel method to inject custom terminology into neural machine translation at run time. Previous works have mainly proposed modifications to the decoding algorithm in order to constrain the output to include run-time-provided target terms. While being effective, these constrained decoding methods add, however, significant computational overhead to the inference step, and, as we show in this paper, can be brittle when tested in realistic conditions. In this paper we approach the problem by training a neural MT system to learn how to use custom terminology when provided with the input. Comparative experiments show that our method is not only more effective than a state-of-the-art implementation of constrained decoding, but is also as fast as constraint-free decoding. 

036__ Neural networks grown and self-organized by noise__arXiv:1906.01039
Author: Guruprasad Raghavan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01039
 Abstract: Living neural networks emerge through a process of growth and self-organization that begins with a single cell and results in a brain, an organized and functional computational device. Artificial neural networks, however, rely on human-designed, hand-programmed architectures for their remarkable performance. Can we develop artificial computational devices that can grow and self-organize without human intervention? In this paper, we propose a biologically inspired developmental algorithm that can 'grow' a functional, layered neural network from a single initial cell. The algorithm organizes inter-layer connections to construct a convolutional pooling layer, a key constituent of convolutional neural networks (CNN's). Our approach is inspired by the mechanisms employed by the early visual system to wire the retina to the lateral geniculate nucleus (LGN), days before animals open their eyes. The key ingredients for robust self-organization are an emergent spontaneous spatiotemporal activity wave in the first layer and a local learning rule in the second layer that 'learns' the underlying activity pattern in the first layer. The algorithm is adaptable to a wide-range of input-layer geometries, robust to malfunctioning units in the first layer, and so can be used to successfully grow and self-organize pooling architectures of different pool-sizes and shapes. The algorithm provides a primitive procedure for constructing layered neural networks through growth and self-organization. Broadly, our work shows that biologically inspired developmental algorithms can be applied to autonomously grow functional 'brains' in-silico. 

037__ A Perspective on Objects and Systematic Generalization in Model-Based RL__arXiv:1906.01035
Author: Sjoerd van Steenkiste
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01035
 Abstract: In order to meet the diverse challenges in solving many real-world problems, an intelligent agent has to be able to dynamically construct a model of its environment. Objects facilitate the modular reuse of prior knowledge and the combinatorial construction of such models. In this work, we argue that dynamically bound features (objects) do not simply emerge in connectionist models of the world. We identify several requirements that need to be fulfilled in overcoming this limitation and highlight corresponding inductive biases. 

038__ Differentiable Algorithm Networks for Composable Robot Learning__arXiv:1905.11602
Author: Peter Karkus
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11602
 Abstract: This paper introduces the Differentiable Algorithm Network (DAN), a composable architecture for robot learning systems. A DAN is composed of neural network modules, each encoding a differentiable robot algorithm and an associated model; and it is trained end-to-end from data. DAN combines the strengths of model-driven modular system design and data-driven end-to-end learning. The algorithms and models act as structural assumptions to reduce the data requirements for learning; end-to-end learning allows the modules to adapt to one another and compensate for imperfect models and algorithms, in order to achieve the best overall system performance. We illustrate the DAN methodology through a case study on a simulated robot system, which learns to navigate in complex 3-D environments with only local visual observations and an image of a partially correct 2-D floor map. 