------------------------------
Wed, May 01  2019
------------------------------
103 new papers today.

001__ Unsupervised Data Augmentation__arXiv:1904.12848
Author: Qizhe Xie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12848
 Abstract: Despite its success, deep learning still needs large labeled datasets to succeed. Data augmentation has shown much promise in alleviating the need for more labeled data, but it so far has mostly been applied in supervised settings and achieved limited gains. In this work, we propose to apply data augmentation to unlabeled data in a semi-supervised learning setting. Our method, named Unsupervised Data Augmentation or UDA, encourages the model predictions to be consistent between an unlabeled example and an augmented unlabeled example. Unlike previous methods that use random noise such as Gaussian noise or dropout noise, UDA has a small twist in that it makes use of harder and more realistic noise generated by state-of-the-art data augmentation methods. This small twist leads to substantial improvements on six language tasks and three vision tasks even when the labeled set is extremely small. For example, on the IMDb text classification dataset, with only 20 labeled examples, UDA outperforms the state-of-the-art model trained on 25,000 labeled examples. On standard semi-supervised learning benchmarks, CIFAR-10 with 4,000 examples and SVHN with 1,000 examples, UDA outperforms all previous approaches and reduces more than $30\%$ of the error rates of state-of-the-art methods: going from 7.66% to 5.27% and from 3.53% to 2.46% respectively. UDA also works well on datasets that have a lot of labeled data. For example, on ImageNet, with 1.3M extra unlabeled data, UDA improves the top-1/top-5 accuracy from 78.28/94.36% to 79.04/94.45% when compared to AutoAugment. 

002__ Optimal Sparse Decision Trees__arXiv:1904.12847
Author: Xiyang Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12847
 Abstract: Decision tree algorithms have been among the most popular algorithms for interpretable (transparent) machine learning since the early 1980's. The problem that has plagued decision tree algorithms since their inception is their lack of optimality, or lack of guarantees of closeness to optimality: decision tree algorithms are often greedy or myopic, and sometimes produce unquestionably suboptimal models. Hardness of decision tree optimization is both a theoretical and practical obstacle, and even careful mathematical programming approaches have not been able to solve these problems efficiently. This work introduces the first practical algorithm for optimal decision trees for binary variables. The algorithm is a co-design of analytical bounds that reduce the search space and modern systems techniques, including data structures and a custom bit-vector library. We highlight possible steps to improving the scalability and speed of future generations of this algorithm based on insights from our theory and experiments. 

003__ Adversarial Training for Free!__arXiv:1904.12843
Author: Ali Shafahi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12843
 Abstract: Adversarial training, in which a network is trained on adversarial examples, is one of the few defenses against adversarial attacks that withstands strong attacks. Unfortunately, the high cost of generating strong adversarial examples makes standard adversarial training impractical on large-scale problems like ImageNet. We present an algorithm that eliminates the overhead cost of generating adversarial examples by recycling the gradient information computed when updating model parameters. Our "free" adversarial training algorithm achieves state-of-the-art robustness on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 datasets at negligible additional cost compared to natural training, and can be 7 to 30 times faster than other strong adversarial training methods. Using a single workstation with 4 P100 GPUs and 2 days of runtime, we can train a robust model for the large-scale ImageNet classification task that maintains 40% accuracy against PGD attacks. 

004__ a Framework for Neural Network Inference on Encrypted Data__arXiv:1904.12840
Author: Tim van Elsloo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12840
 Abstract: We present SEALion: an extensible framework for privacy-preserving machine learning with homomorphic encryption. It allows one to learn deep neural networks that can be seamlessly utilized for prediction on encrypted data. The framework consists of two layers: the first is built upon TensorFlow and SEAL and exposes standard algebra and deep learning primitives; the second implements a Keras-like syntax for training and inference with neural networks. Given a required level of security, a user is abstracted from the details of the encoding and the encryption scheme, allowing quick prototyping. We present two applications that exemplifying the extensibility of our proposal, which are also of independent interest: i) improving efficiency of neural network inference by an activity sparsifier and ii) transfer learning by querying a server-side Variational AutoEncoder that can handle encrypted data. 

005__ A Near Optimal, Geometrically Decaying Learning  Rate Procedure__arXiv:1904.12838
Author: Rong Ge
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12838
 Abstract: There is a stark disparity between the step size schedules used in practical large scale machine learning and those that are considered optimal by the theory of stochastic approximation. In theory, most results utilize polynomially decaying learning rate schedules, while, in practice, the "Step Decay" schedule is among the most popular schedules, where the learning rate is cut every constant number of epochs (i.e. this is a geometrically decaying schedule). This work examines the step-decay schedule for the stochastic optimization problem of streaming least squares regression (both in the non-strongly convex and strongly convex case), where we show that a sharp theoretical characterization of an optimal learning rate schedule is far more nuanced than suggested by previous work. We focus specifically on the rate that is achievable when using the final iterate of stochastic gradient descent, as is commonly done in practice. Our main result provably shows that a properly tuned geometrically decaying learning rate schedule provides an exponential improvement (in terms of the condition number) over any polynomially decaying learning rate schedule. We also provide experimental support for wider applicability of these results, including for training modern deep neural networks. 

006__ Graph Matching Networks for Learning the Similarity of Graph Structured  Objects__arXiv:1904.12787
Author: Yujia Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12787
 Abstract: This paper addresses the challenging problem of retrieval and matching of graph structured objects, and makes two key contributions. First, we demonstrate how Graph Neural Networks (GNN), which have emerged as an effective model for various supervised prediction problems defined on structured data, can be trained to produce embedding of graphs in vector spaces that enables efficient similarity reasoning. Second, we propose a novel Graph Matching Network model that, given a pair of graphs as input, computes a similarity score between them by jointly reasoning on the pair through a new cross-graph attention-based matching mechanism. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our models on different domains including the challenging problem of control-flow-graph based function similarity search that plays an important role in the detection of vulnerabilities in software systems. The experimental analysis demonstrates that our models are not only able to exploit structure in the context of similarity learning but they can also outperform domain-specific baseline systems that have been carefully hand-engineered for these problems. 

007__ Routing Networks and the Challenges of Modular and Compositional  Computation__arXiv:1904.12774
Author: Clemens Rosenbaum
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12774
 Abstract: Compositionality is a key strategy for addressing combinatorial complexity and the curse of dimensionality. Recent work has shown that compositional solutions can be learned and offer substantial gains across a variety of domains, including multi-task learning, language modeling, visual question answering, machine comprehension, and others. However, such models present unique challenges during training when both the module parameters and their composition must be learned jointly. In this paper, we identify several of these issues and analyze their underlying causes. Our discussion focuses on routing networks, a general approach to this problem, and examines empirically the interplay of these challenges and a variety of design decisions. In particular, we consider the effect of how the algorithm decides on module composition, how the algorithm updates the modules, and if the algorithm uses regularization. 

008__ Free Gap Information from the Differentially Private Sparse Vector and  Noisy Max Mechanisms__arXiv:1904.12773
Author: Zeyu Ding
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12773
 Abstract: Noisy Max and Sparse Vector are selection algorithms for differential privacy and serve as building blocks for more complex algorithms. In this paper we show that both algorithms can release additional information for free (i.e., at no additional privacy cost). Noisy Max is used to return the approximate maximizer among a set of queries. We show that it can also release for free the noisy gap between the approximate maximizer and runner-up. Sparse Vector is used to return a set of queries that are approximately larger than a fixed threshold. We show that it can adaptively control its privacy budget (use less budget for queries that are likely to be much larger than the threshold) and simultaneously release for free a noisy gap between the selected queries and the threshold. It has long been suspected that Sparse Vector can release additional information, but prior attempts had incorrect proofs. Our version is proved using randomness alignment, a proof template framework borrowed from the program verification literature. We show how the free extra information in both mechanisms can be used to improve the utility of differentially private algorithms. 

009__ A Review of Modularization Techniques in Artificial Neural Networks__arXiv:1904.12770
Author: Mohammed Amer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12770
 Abstract: Artificial neural networks (ANNs) have achieved significant success in tackling classical and modern machine learning problems. As learning problems grow in scale and complexity, and expand into multi-disciplinary territory, a more modular approach for scaling ANNs will be needed. Modular neural networks (MNNs) are neural networks that embody the concepts and principles of modularity. MNNs adopt a large number of different techniques for achieving modularization. Previous surveys of modularization techniques are relatively scarce in their systematic analysis of MNNs, focusing mostly on empirical comparisons and lacking an extensive taxonomical framework. In this review, we aim to establish a solid taxonomy that captures the essential properties and relationships of the different variants of MNNs. Based on an investigation of the different levels at which modularization techniques act, we attempt to provide a universal and systematic framework for theorists studying MNNs, also trying along the way to emphasise the strengths and weaknesses of different modularization approaches in order to highlight good practices for neural network practitioners. 

010__ An Approach for Explaining Network Embedding-based Link  Predictions__arXiv:1904.12694
Author: Bo Kang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12694
 Abstract: Networks are powerful data structures, but are challenging to work with for conventional machine learning methods. Network Embedding (NE) methods attempt to resolve this by learning vector representations for the nodes, for subsequent use in downstream machine learning tasks. Link Prediction (LP) is one such downstream machine learning task that is an important use case and popular benchmark for NE methods. Unfortunately, while NE methods perform exceedingly well at this task, they are lacking in transparency as compared to simpler LP approaches. We introduce ExplaiNE, an approach to offer counterfactual explanations for NE-based LP methods, by identifying existing links in the network that explain the predicted links. ExplaiNE is applicable to a broad class of NE algorithms. An extensive empirical evaluation for the NE method `Conditional Network Embedding' in particular demonstrates its accuracy and scalability. 

011__ The Double Actor-Critic Architecture for Learning Options__arXiv:1904.12691
Author: Shangtong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12691
 Abstract: We reformulate the option framework as two parallel augmented MDPs. Under this novel formulation, all policy optimization algorithms can be used off the shelf to learn intra-option policies, option termination conditions, and a master policy over options. We apply an actor-critic algorithm on each augmented MDP, yielding the Double Actor-Critic (DAC) architecture. Furthermore, we show that, when state-value functions are used as critics, one critic can be expressed in terms of the other, and hence only one critic is necessary. Our experiments on challenging robot simulation tasks demonstrate that DAC outperforms previous gradient-based option learning algorithms by a large margin and significantly outperforms its hierarchy-free counterparts in a transfer learning setting. 

012__ Distributed Classification of Urban Congestion Using VANET__arXiv:1904.12685
Author: Al Mallah Ranwa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12685
 Abstract: Vehicular Ad-hoc NETworks (VANET) can efficiently detect traffic congestion, but detection is not enough because congestion can be further classified as recurrent and non-recurrent congestion (NRC). In particular, NRC in an urban network is mainly caused by incidents, workzones, special events and adverse weather. We propose a framework for the real-time distributed classification of congestion into its components on a heterogeneous urban road network using VANET. We present models built on an understanding of the spatial and temporal causality measures and trained on synthetic data extended from a real case study of Cologne. Our performance evaluation shows a predictive accuracy of 87.63\% for the deterministic Classification Tree (CT), 88.83\% for the Naive Bayesian classifier (NB), 89.51\% for Random Forest (RF) and 89.17\% for the boosting technique. This framework can assist transportation agencies in reducing urban congestion by developing effective congestion mitigation strategies knowing the root causes of congestion. 

013__ Efficient Computation of Expected Hypervolume Improvement Using Box  Decomposition Algorithms__arXiv:1904.12672
Author: Kaifeng Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12672
 Abstract: In the field of multi-objective optimization algorithms, multi-objective Bayesian Global Optimization (MOBGO) is an important branch, in addition to evolutionary multi-objective optimization algorithms (EMOAs). MOBGO utilizes Gaussian Process Models learned from previous objective function evaluations to decide the next evaluation site by maximizing or minimizing an infill criterion. A common criterion in MOBGO is the Expected Hypervolume Improvement (EHVI), which shows a good performance on a wide range of problems, with respect to exploration and exploitation. However, so far it has been a challenge to calculate exact EHVI values efficiently. In this paper, an efficient algorithm for the computation of the exact EHVI for a generic case is proposed. This efficient algorithm is based on partitioning the integration volume into a set of axis-parallel slices. Theoretically, the upper bound time complexities are improved from previously $O (n^2)$ and $O(n^3)$, for two- and three-objective problems respectively, to $\Theta(n\log n)$, which is asymptotically optimal. This article generalizes the scheme in higher dimensional case by utilizing a new hyperbox decomposition technique, which was proposed by D{\"a}chert et al, EJOR, 2017. It also utilizes a generalization of the multilayered integration scheme that scales linearly in the number of hyperboxes of the decomposition. The speed comparison shows that the proposed algorithm in this paper significantly reduces computation time. Finally, this decomposition technique is applied in the calculation of the Probability of Improvement (PoI). 

014__ Soft edit distance for differentiable comparison of symbolic sequences__arXiv:1904.12562
Author: Evgenii Ofitserov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12562
 Abstract: Edit distance, also known as Levenshtein distance, is an essential way to compare two strings that proved to be particularly useful in the analysis of genetic sequences and natural language processing. However, edit distance is a discrete function that is known to be hard to optimize. This fact hampers the use of this metric in Machine Learning. Even as simple algorithm as K-means fails to cluster a set of sequences using edit distance if they are of variable length and abundance. In this paper we propose a novel metric - soft edit distance (SED), which is a smooth approximation of edit distance. It is differentiable and therefore it is possible to optimize it with gradient methods. Similar to original edit distance, SED as well as its derivatives can be calculated with recurrent formulas at polynomial time. We prove usefulness of the proposed metric on synthetic datasets and clustering of biological sequences. 

015__ A Pre-trained Deep Convolutional Neural Network for Time  Series Classification__arXiv:1904.12546
Author: Kathan Kashiparekh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12546
 Abstract: Training deep neural networks often requires careful hyper-parameter tuning and significant computational resources. In this paper, we propose ConvTimeNet (CTN): an off-the-shelf deep convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on diverse univariate time series classification (TSC) source tasks. Once trained, CTN can be easily adapted to new TSC target tasks via a small amount of fine-tuning using labeled instances from the target tasks. We note that the length of convolutional filters is a key aspect when building a pre-trained model that can generalize to time series of different lengths across datasets. To achieve this, we incorporate filters of multiple lengths in all convolutional layers of CTN to capture temporal features at multiple time scales. We consider all 65 datasets with time series of lengths up to 512 points from the UCR TSC Benchmark for training and testing transferability of CTN: We train CTN on a randomly chosen subset of 24 datasets using a multi-head approach with a different softmax layer for each training dataset, and study generalizability and transferability of the learned filters on the remaining 41 TSC datasets. We observe significant gains in classification accuracy as well as computational efficiency when using pre-trained CTN as a starting point for subsequent task-specific fine-tuning compared to existing state-of-the-art TSC approaches. We also provide qualitative insights into the working of CTN by: i) analyzing the activations and filters of first convolution layer suggesting the filters in CTN are generically useful, ii) analyzing the impact of the design decision to incorporate multiple length decisions, and iii) finding regions of time series that affect the final classification decision via occlusion sensitivity analysis. 

016__ Adversarial Invariant Feature Learning with Accuracy Constraint for  Domain Generalization__arXiv:1904.12543
Author: Kei Akuzawa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12543
 Abstract: Learning domain-invariant representation is a dominant approach for domain generalization (DG), where we need to build a classifier that is robust toward domain shifts. However, previous domain-invariance-based methods overlooked the underlying dependency of classes on domains, which is responsible for the trade-off between classification accuracy and domain invariance. Because the primary purpose of DG is to classify unseen domains rather than the invariance itself, the improvement of the invariance can negatively affect DG performance under this trade-off. To overcome the problem, this study first expands the analysis of the trade-off by Xie et. al., and provides the notion of accuracy-constrained domain invariance, which means the maximum domain invariance within a range that does not interfere with accuracy. We then propose a novel method adversarial feature learning with accuracy constraint (AFLAC), which explicitly leads to that invariance on adversarial training. Empirical validations show that the performance of AFLAC is superior to that of domain-invariance-based methods on both synthetic and three real-world datasets, supporting the importance of considering the dependency and the efficacy of the proposed method. 

017__ Asymmetric Impurity Functions, Class Weighting, and Optimal Splits for  Binary Classification Trees__arXiv:1904.12465
Author: David Zimmermann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12465
 Abstract: We investigate how asymmetrizing an impurity function affects the choice of optimal node splits when growing a decision tree for binary classification. In particular, we relax the usual axioms of an impurity function and show how skewing an impurity function biases the optimal splits to isolate points of a particular class when splitting a node. We give a rigorous definition of this notion, then give a necessary and sufficient condition for such a bias to hold. We also show that the technique of class weighting is equivalent to applying a specific transformation to the impurity function, and tie all these notions together for a class of impurity functions that includes the entropy and Gini impurity. We also briefly discuss cost-insensitive impurity functions and give a characterization of such functions. 

018__ A Sequential  Multinomial Logit Bandit Problem__arXiv:1904.12445
Author: Junyu Cao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12445
 Abstract: Motivated by the phenomenon that companies introduce new products to keep abreast with customers' rapidly changing tastes, we consider a novel online learning setting where a profit-maximizing seller needs to learn customers' preferences through offering recommendations, which may contain existing products and new products that are launched in the middle of a selling period. We propose a sequential multinomial logit (SMNL) model to characterize customers' behavior when product recommendations are presented in tiers. For the offline version with known customers' preferences, we propose a polynomial-time algorithm and characterize the properties of the optimal tiered product recommendation. For the online problem, we propose a learning algorithm and quantify its regret bound. Moreover, we extend the setting to incorporate a constraint which ensures every new product is learned to a given accuracy. Our results demonstrate the tier structure can be used to mitigate the risks associated with learning new products. 

019__ Challenges and Pitfalls of Reproducing Machine Learning Artifacts__arXiv:1904.12437
Author: Cheng Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12437
 Abstract: An increasingly complex and diverse collection of Machine Learning(ML) models as well as hardware/software stacks, collectively referred to as "ML artifacts", are being proposed - leading to a diverse landscape of ML. These ML innovations proposed have outpaced researchers' ability to analyze, study and adapt them. This is exacerbated by the complicated and sometimes non-reproducible procedures for ML evaluation. The current practice of sharing ML artifacts is through repositories where artifact authors post ad-hoc code and some documentation. The authors often fail to reveal critical information for others to reproduce their results. One often fails to reproduce artifact authors' claims, not to mention adapt the model to his/her own use. This article discusses the common challenges and pitfalls of reproducing ML artifacts, which can be used as a guideline for ML researchers when sharing or reproducing artifacts. 

020__ Mixture of Pre-processing Experts Model for Noise Robust Deep Learning  on Resource Constrained Platforms__arXiv:1904.12426
Author: Taesik Na
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12426
 Abstract: Deep learning on an edge device requires energy efficient operation due to ever diminishing power budget. Intentional low quality data during the data acquisition for longer battery life, and natural noise from the low cost sensor degrade the quality of target output which hinders adoption of deep learning on an edge device. To overcome these problems, we propose simple yet efficient mixture of pre-processing experts (MoPE) model to handle various image distortions including low resolution and noisy images. We also propose to use adversarially trained auto encoder as a pre-processing expert for the noisy images. We evaluate our proposed method for various machine learning tasks including object detection on MS-COCO 2014 dataset, multiple object tracking problem on MOT-Challenge dataset, and human activity classification on UCF 101 dataset. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves better detection, tracking and activity classification accuracies under noise without sacrificing accuracies for the clean images. The overheads of our proposed MoPE are 0.67% and 0.17% in terms of memory and computation compared to the baseline object detection network. 

021__ A convolution recurrent autoencoder for spatio-temporal missing data  imputation__arXiv:1904.12413
Author: Reza Asadi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12413
 Abstract: When sensors collect spatio-temporal data in a large geographical area, the existence of missing data cannot be escaped. Missing data negatively impacts the performance of data analysis and machine learning algorithms. In this paper, we study deep autoencoders for missing data imputation in spatio-temporal problems. We propose a convolution bidirectional-LSTM for capturing spatial and temporal patterns. Moreover, we analyze an autoencoder's latent feature representation in spatio-temporal data and illustrate its performance for missing data imputation. Traffic flow data are used for evaluation of our models. The result shows that the proposed convolution recurrent neural network outperforms state-of-the-art methods. 

022__ Adversarial Speaker Adaptation__arXiv:1904.12407
Author: Zhong Meng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12407
 Abstract: We propose a novel adversarial speaker adaptation (ASA) scheme, in which adversarial learning is applied to regularize the distribution of deep hidden features in a speaker-dependent (SD) deep neural network (DNN) acoustic model to be close to that of a fixed speaker-independent (SI) DNN acoustic model during adaptation. An additional discriminator network is introduced to distinguish the deep features generated by the SD model from those produced by the SI model. In ASA, with a fixed SI model as the reference, an SD model is jointly optimized with the discriminator network to minimize the senone classification loss, and simultaneously to mini-maximize the SI/SD discrimination loss on the adaptation data. With ASA, a senone-discriminative deep feature is learned in the SD model with a similar distribution to that of the SI model. With such a regularized and adapted deep feature, the SD model can perform improved automatic speech recognition on the target speaker's speech. Evaluated on the Microsoft short message dictation dataset, ASA achieves 14.4% and 7.9% relative word error rate improvements for supervised and unsupervised adaptation, respectively, over an SI model trained from 2600 hours data, with 200 adaptation utterances per speaker. 

023__ Adversarial Speaker Verification__arXiv:1904.12406
Author: Zhong Meng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12406
 Abstract: The use of deep networks to extract embeddings for speaker recognition has proven successfully. However, such embeddings are susceptible to performance degradation due to the mismatches among the training, enrollment, and test conditions. In this work, we propose an adversarial speaker verification (ASV) scheme to learn the condition-invariant deep embedding via adversarial multi-task training. In ASV, a speaker classification network and a condition identification network are jointly optimized to minimize the speaker classification loss and simultaneously mini-maximize the condition loss. The target labels of the condition network can be categorical (environment types) and continuous (SNR values). We further propose multi-factorial ASV to simultaneously suppress multiple factors that constitute the condition variability. Evaluated on a Microsoft Cortana text-dependent speaker verification task, the ASV achieves 8.8% and 14.5% relative improvements in equal error rates (EER) for known and unknown conditions, respectively. 

024__ Attentive Adversarial Learning for Domain-Invariant Training__arXiv:1904.12400
Author: Zhong Meng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12400
 Abstract: Adversarial domain-invariant training (ADIT) proves to be effective in suppressing the effects of domain variability in acoustic modeling and has led to improved performance in automatic speech recognition (ASR). In ADIT, an auxiliary domain classifier takes in equally-weighted deep features from a deep neural network (DNN) acoustic model and is trained to improve their domain-invariance by optimizing an adversarial loss function. In this work, we propose an attentive ADIT (AADIT) in which we advance the domain classifier with an attention mechanism to automatically weight the input deep features according to their importance in domain classification. With this attentive re-weighting, AADIT can focus on the domain normalization of phonetic components that are more susceptible to domain variability and generates deep features with improved domain-invariance and senone-discriminativity over ADIT. Most importantly, the attention block serves only as an external component to the DNN acoustic model and is not involved in ASR, so AADIT can be used to improve the acoustic modeling with any DNN architectures. More generally, the same methodology can improve any adversarial learning system with an auxiliary discriminator. Evaluated on CHiME-3 dataset, the AADIT achieves 13.6% and 9.3% relative WER improvements, respectively, over a multi-conditional model and a strong ADIT baseline. 

025__ Conditional Teacher-Student Learning__arXiv:1904.12399
Author: Zhong Meng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12399
 Abstract: The teacher-student (T/S) learning has been shown to be effective for a variety of problems such as domain adaptation and model compression. One shortcoming of the T/S learning is that a teacher model, not always perfect, sporadically produces wrong guidance in form of posterior probabilities that misleads the student model towards a suboptimal performance. To overcome this problem, we propose a conditional T/S learning scheme, in which a "smart" student model selectively chooses to learn from either the teacher model or the ground truth labels conditioned on whether the teacher can correctly predict the ground truth. Unlike a naive linear combination of the two knowledge sources, the conditional learning is exclusively engaged with the teacher model when the teacher model's prediction is correct, and otherwise backs off to the ground truth. Thus, the student model is able to learn effectively from the teacher and even potentially surpass the teacher. We examine the proposed learning scheme on two tasks: domain adaptation on CHiME-3 dataset and speaker adaptation on Microsoft short message dictation dataset. The proposed method achieves 9.8% and 12.8% relative word error rate reductions, respectively, over T/S learning for environment adaptation and speaker-independent model for speaker adaptation. 

026__ A process flow for Transcribing MIXed handwritten and  machine-printed Text__arXiv:1904.12387
Author: Fady Medhat
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12387
 Abstract: Handling large corpuses of documents is of significant importance in many fields, no more so than in the areas of crime investigation and defence, where an organisation may be presented with a large volume of scanned documents which need to be processed in a finite time. However, this problem is exacerbated both by the volume, in terms of scanned documents and the complexity of the pages, which need to be processed. Often containing many different elements, which each need to be processed and understood. Text recognition, which is a primary task of this process, is usually dependent upon the type of text, being either handwritten or machine-printed. Accordingly, the recognition involves prior classification of the text category, before deciding on the recognition method to be applied. This poses a more challenging task if a document contains both handwritten and machine-printed text. In this work, we present a generic process flow for text recognition in scanned documents containing mixed handwritten and machine-printed text without the need to classify text in advance. We realize the proposed process flow using several open-source image processing and text recognition packages1. The evaluation is performed using a specially developed variant, presented in this work, of the IAM handwriting database, where we achieve an average transcription accuracy of nearly 80% for pages containing both printed and handwritten text. 

027__ Application of Autoencoder-Assisted Recurrent Neural Networks to Prevent  Cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome__arXiv:1904.12386
Author: Maximilian Du
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12386
 Abstract: This project develops and trains a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) that monitors sleeping infants from an auxiliary microphone for cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS), manifested in sudden or gradual respiratory arrest. To minimize invasiveness and maximize economic viability, an electret microphone, and parabolic concentrator, paired with a specially designed and tuned amplifier circuit, was used as a very sensitive audio monitoring device, which fed data to the RNN model. This RNN was trained and operated in the frequency domain, where the respiratory activity is most unique from noise. In both training and operation, a Fourier transform and an autoencoder compression were applied to the raw audio, and this transformed audio data was fed into the model in 1/8 second time steps. In operation, this model flagged each perceived breath, and the time between breaths was analyzed through a statistical T-test for slope, which detected dangerous trends. The entire model achieved 92.5% accuracy on continuous data and had an 11.25-second response rate on data that emulated total respiratory arrest. Because of the compatibility of the trained model with many off-the-shelf devices like Android phones and Raspberry Pi's, free-standing processing hardware deployment is a very feasible future goal. 

028__ Enhancing Prediction Models for One-Year Mortality in Patients with  Acute Myocardial Infarction and Post Myocardial Infarction Syndrome__arXiv:1904.12383
Author: Seyedeh Neelufar Payrovnaziri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12383
 Abstract: Predicting the risk of mortality for patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) using electronic health records (EHRs) data can help identify risky patients who might need more tailored care. In our previous work, we built computational models to predict one-year mortality of patients admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) with AMI or post myocardial infarction syndrome. Our prior work only used the structured clinical data from MIMIC-III, a publicly available ICU clinical database. In this study, we enhanced our work by adding the word embedding features from free-text discharge summaries. Using a richer set of features resulted in significant improvement in the performance of our deep learning models. The average accuracy of our deep learning models was 92.89% and the average F-measure was 0.928. We further reported the impact of different combinations of features extracted from structured and/or unstructured data on the performance of the deep learning models. 

029__ Learning walk and trot from the same objective using different types of  exploration__arXiv:1904.12336
Author: Zinan Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12336
 Abstract: In quadruped gait learning, policy search methods that scale high dimensional continuous action spaces are commonly used. In most approaches, it is necessary to introduce prior knowledge on the gaits to limit the highly non-convex search space of the policies. In this work, we propose a new approach to encode the symmetry properties of the desired gaits, on the initial covariance of the Gaussian search distribution, allowing for strategic exploration. Using episode-based likelihood ratio policy gradient and relative entropy policy search, we learned the gaits walk and trot on a simulated quadruped. Comparing these gaits to random gaits learned by initialized diagonal covariance matrix, we show that the performance can be significantly enhanced. 

030__ Support Vector Regression via a Combined Reward Cum Penalty Loss  Function__arXiv:1904.12331
Author: Pritam Anand
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12331
 Abstract: In this paper, we introduce a novel combined reward cum penalty loss function to handle the regression problem. The proposed combined reward cum penalty loss function penalizes the data points which lie outside the $\epsilon$-tube of the regressor and also assigns reward for the data points which lie inside of the $\epsilon$-tube of the regressor. The combined reward cum penalty loss function based regression (RP-$\epsilon$-SVR) model has several interesting properties which are investigated in this paper and are also supported with the experimental results. 

031__ How to fit any dataset with a  single parameter__arXiv:1904.12320
Author: Laurent Bou¨¦
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12320
 Abstract: We show how any dataset of any modality (time-series, images, sound...) can be approximated by a well-behaved (continuous, differentiable...) scalar function with a single real-valued parameter. Building upon elementary concepts from chaos theory, we adopt a pedagogical approach demonstrating how to adjust this parameter in order to achieve arbitrary precision fit to all samples of the data. Targeting an audience of data scientists with a taste for the curious and unusual, the results presented here expand on previous similar observations regarding expressiveness power and generalization of machine learning models. 

032__ Mobile Air Pollution Sensing__arXiv:1904.12303
Author: Jun Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12303
 Abstract: Mobile and ubiquitous sensing of urban air quality (AQ) has received increased attention as an economically and operationally viable means to survey atmospheric environment with high spatial-temporal resolution. A necessary and value-added step towards data-driven sustainable urban management is fine-granular AQ inference, which estimates grid-level pollutant concentrations at every instance of time using AQ data collected from fixed-location and mobile sensors. We present the Mobile Air Pollution Sensing (MAPS) framework, which consists of data preprocessing, urban feature extraction, and AQ inference. This is applied to a case study in Beijing (3,025 square km, 19 June - 16 July 2018), where PM2.5 concentrations measured by 28 fixed monitoring stations and 15 vehicles are fused to infer hourly PM2.5 concentrations in 3,025 1km-by-1km grids. Two machine learning structures, namely Deep Feature Spatial-Temporal Tree (DFeaST-Tree) and Deep Feature Spatial-Temporal Network (DFeaST-Net), are proposed to infer PM2.5 concentrations supported by 62 types of urban data that encompass geography, land use, traffic, public, and meteorology. This allows us to infer fine-granular PM2.5 concentrations based on sparse AQ measurements (less than 5% coverage) with good accuracy (SMAPE<15%, R-square>0.9), while accounting for the regional transport of air pollutants outside the study area. In-depth discussions are provided on the heterogeneity of fixed and mobile data sources, spatial coverage of mobile sensing, and importance of urban features for inferring PM2.5 concentrations. 

033__ Predictive Normalized Maximum Likelihood for Deep Neural  Networks__arXiv:1904.12286
Author: Koby Bibas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12286
 Abstract: The Predictive Normalized Maximum Likelihood (pNML) scheme has been recently suggested for universal learning in the individual setting, where both the training and test samples are individual data. The goal of universal learning is to compete with a ``genie'' or reference learner that knows the data values, but is restricted to use a learner from a given model class. The pNML minimizes the associated regret for any possible value of the unknown label. Furthermore, its min-max regret can serve as a pointwise measure of learnability for the specific training and data sample. In this work we examine the pNML and its associated learnability measure for the Deep Neural Network (DNN) model class. As shown, the pNML outperforms the commonly used Empirical Risk Minimization (ERM) approach and provides robustness against adversarial attacks. Together with its learnability measure it can detect out of distribution test examples, be tolerant to noisy labels and serve as a confidence measure for the ERM. Finally, we extend the pNML to a ``twice universal'' solution, that provides universality for model class selection and generates a learner competing with the best one from all model classes. 

034__ Sistema Sensor para el Monitoreo Ambiental Basado en Redes Neuronales__arXiv:1904.12234
Author: Jose de Jesus Rubio
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12234
 Abstract: In the tasks of environmental monitoring is of great importance to have compact and portable systems able to identify environmental contaminants that facilitate tasks related to waste management and environmental restoration. In this paper, a prototype sensor is described to identify contaminants in the environment. This prototype is made with an array of tin oxide SnO2 gas sensors used to identify chemical vapors, a step of data acquisition implemented with ARM (Advanced RISC Machine) low-cost platform (Arduino) and a neural network able to identify environmental contaminants automatically. The neural network is used to identify the composition of contaminant census. In the computer system, the heavy computational load is presented only in the training process, once the neural network has been trained, the operation is to spread the data across the network with a much lighter computational load, which consists mainly of a vector-matrix multiplication and a search table that holds the activation function to quickly identify unknown samples. 

035__ Optimal Rate With  Collision Information, Sublinear Without__arXiv:1904.12233
Author: S¨¦bastien Bubeck
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12233
 Abstract: We consider the non-stochastic version of the (cooperative) multi-player multi-armed bandit problem. The model assumes no communication at all between the players, and furthermore when two (or more) players select the same action this results in a maximal loss. We prove the first $\sqrt{T}$-type regret guarantee for this problem, under the feedback model where collisions are announced to the colliding players. Such a bound was not known even for the simpler stochastic version. We also prove the first sublinear guarantee for the feedback model where collision information is not available, namely $T^{1-\frac{1}{2m}}$ where $m$ is the number of players. 

036__ Arbitrage of Energy Storage in Electricity Markets with Deep  Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1904.12232
Author: Xu Hanchen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12232
 Abstract: In this letter, we address the problem of controlling energy storage systems (ESSs) for arbitrage in real-time electricity markets under price uncertainty. We first formulate this problem as a Markov decision process, and then develop a deep reinforcement learning based algorithm to learn a stochastic control policy that maps a set of available information processed by a recurrent neural network to ESSs' charging/discharging actions. Finally, we verify the effectiveness of our algorithm using real-time electricity prices from PJM. 

037__ Analysis of Confident-Classifiers for Out-of-distribution Detection__arXiv:1904.12220
Author: Sachin Vernekar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12220
 Abstract: Discriminatively trained neural classifiers can be trusted, only when the input data comes from the training distribution (in-distribution). Therefore, detecting out-of-distribution (OOD) samples is very important to avoid classification errors. In the context of OOD detection for image classification, one of the recent approaches proposes training a classifier called "confident-classifier" by minimizing the standard cross-entropy loss on in-distribution samples and minimizing the KL divergence between the predictive distribution of OOD samples in the low-density regions of in-distribution and the uniform distribution (maximizing the entropy of the outputs). Thus, the samples could be detected as OOD if they have low confidence or high entropy. In this paper, we analyze this setting both theoretically and experimentally. We conclude that the resulting confident-classifier still yields arbitrarily high confidence for OOD samples far away from the in-distribution. We instead suggest training a classifier by adding an explicit "reject" class for OOD samples. 

038__ Temporal-Clustering Invariance in Irregular Healthcare Time Series__arXiv:1904.12206
Author: Mohammad Taha Bahadori
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12206
 Abstract: Electronic records contain sequences of events, some of which take place all at once in a single visit, and others that are dispersed over multiple visits, each with a different timestamp. We postulate that fine temporal detail, e.g., whether a series of blood tests are completed at once or in rapid succession should not alter predictions based on this data. Motivated by this intuition, we propose models for analyzing sequences of multivariate clinical time series data that are invariant to this temporal clustering. We propose an efficient data augmentation technique that exploits the postulated temporal-clustering invariance to regularize deep neural networks optimized for several clinical prediction tasks. We introduce two techniques to temporally coarsen (downsample) irregular time series: (i) grouping the data points based on regularly-spaced timestamps; and (ii) clustering them, yielding irregularly-paced timestamps. Moreover, we propose a MultiResolution Ensemble (MRE) model, improving predictive accuracy by ensembling predictions based on inputs sequences transformed by different coarsening operators. Our experiments show that MRE improves the mAP on the benchmark mortality prediction task from 51.53% to 53.92%. 

039__ Prediction with Unpredictable Feature Evolution__arXiv:1904.12171
Author: Bo-Jian Hou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12171
 Abstract: Feature space can change or evolve when learning with streaming data. Several recent works have studied feature evolvable learning. They usually assume that features would not vanish or appear in an arbitrary way. For example, when knowing the battery lifespan, old features and new features represented by data gathered by sensors will disappear and emerge at the same time along with the sensors exchanging simultaneously. However, different sensors would have different lifespans, and thus the feature evolution can be unpredictable. In this paper, we propose a novel paradigm: Prediction with Unpredictable Feature Evolution (PUFE). We first complete the unpredictable overlapping period into an organized matrix and give a theoretical bound on the least number of observed entries. Then we learn the mapping from the completed matrix to recover the data from old feature space when observing the data from new feature space. With predictions on the recovered data, our model can make use of the advantage of old feature space and is always comparable with any combinations of the predictions on the current instance. Experiments on the synthetic and real datasets validate the effectiveness of our method. 

040__ Incremental personalized E-mail spam filter using novel TFDCR feature  selection with dynamic feature update__arXiv:1904.12118
Author: Gopi Sanghani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12118
 Abstract: Communication through e-mails remains to be highly formalized, conventional and indispensable method for the exchange of information over the Internet. An ever-increasing ratio and adversary nature of spam e-mails have posed a great many challenges such as uneven class distribution, unequal error cost, frequent change of content and personalized context-sensitive discrimination. In this research, we propose a novel and distinctive approach to develop an incremental personalized e-mail spam filter. The proposed work is described using three significant contributions. First, we applied a novel term frequency difference and category ratio based feature selection function TFDCR to select the most discriminating features irrespective of the number of samples in each class. Second, an incremental learning model is used which enables the classifier to update the discriminant function dynamically. Third, a heuristic function called selectionRankWeight is introduced to upgrade the existing feature set that determines new features carrying strong discriminating ability from an incoming set of e-mails. Three public e-mail datasets possessing different characteristics are used to evaluate the filter performance. Experiments are conducted to compare the feature selection efficiency of TFDCR and to observe the filter performance under both the batch and the incremental learning mode. The results demonstrate the superiority of TFDCR as the most effective f eature selection function. The incremental learning model incorporating dynamic feature update function overcomes the problem of drifting concepts. The proposed filter validates its efficiency and feasibility by substantially improving the classification accuracy and reducing the false positive error of misclassifying legitimate e-mail as spam. 

041__ Exponential Family Estimation via Adversarial Dynamics Embedding__arXiv:1904.12083
Author: Bo Dai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12083
 Abstract: We present an efficient algorithm for maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) of the general exponential family, even in cases when the energy function is represented by a deep neural network. We consider the primal-dual view of the MLE for the kinectics augmented model, which naturally introduces an adversarial dual sampler. The sampler will be represented by a novel neural network architectures, dynamics embeddings, mimicking the dynamical-based samplers, e.g., Hamiltonian Monte-Carlo and its variants. The dynamics embedding parametrization inherits the flexibility from HMC, and provides tractable entropy estimation of the augmented model. Meanwhile, it couples the adversarial dual samplers with the primal model, reducing memory and sample complexity. We further show that several existing estimators, including contrastive divergence (Hinton, 2002), score matching (Hyv\"arinen, 2005), pseudo-likelihood (Besag, 1975), noise-contrastive estimation (Gutmann and Hyv\"arinen, 2010), non-local contrastive objectives (Vickrey et al., 2010), and minimum probability flow (Sohl-Dickstein et al., 2011), can be recast as the special cases of the proposed method with different prefixed dual samplers. Finally, we empirically demonstrate the superiority of the proposed estimator against existing state-of-the-art methods on synthetic and real-world benchmarks. error here, check on website.

043__ Increasing Dataset Size even when Learning is  Impossible__arXiv:1904.12053
Author: Brian Axelrod
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12053
 Abstract: Given data drawn from an unknown distribution, $D$, to what extent is it possible to ``amplify'' this dataset and output an even larger set of samples that appear to have been drawn from $D$? We formalize this question as follows: an $(n,m)$ $\text{amplification procedure}$ takes as input $n$ independent draws from an unknown distribution $D$, and outputs a set of $m > n$ ``samples''. An amplification procedure is valid if no algorithm can distinguish the set of $m$ samples produced by the amplifier from a set of $m$ independent draws from $D$, with probability greater than $2/3$. Perhaps surprisingly, in many settings, a valid amplification procedure exists, even when the size of the input dataset, $n$, is significantly less than what would be necessary to learn $D$ to non-trivial accuracy. Specifically we consider two fundamental settings: the case where $D$ is an arbitrary discrete distribution supported on $\le k$ elements, and the case where $D$ is a $d$-dimensional Gaussian with unknown mean, and fixed covariance. In the first case, we show that an $\left(n, n + \Theta(\frac{n}{\sqrt{k}})\right)$ amplifier exists. In particular, given $n=O(\sqrt{k})$ samples from $D$, one can output a set of $m=n+1$ datapoints, whose total variation distance from the distribution of $m$ i.i.d. draws from $D$ is a small constant, despite the fact that one would need quadratically more data, $n=\Theta(k)$, to learn $D$ up to small constant total variation distance. In the Gaussian case, we show that an $\left(n,n+\Theta(\frac{n}{\sqrt{d}} )\right)$ amplifier exists, even though learning the distribution to small constant total variation distance requires $\Theta(d)$ samples. In both the discrete and Gaussian settings, we show that these results are tight, to constant factors. Beyond these results, we formalize a number of curious directions for future research along this vein. 

044__ Towards Data Poisoning Attack against Knowledge Graph Embedding__arXiv:1904.12052
Author: Hengtong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12052
 Abstract: Knowledge graph embedding (KGE) is a technique for learning continuous embeddings for entities and relations in the knowledge graph.Due to its benefit to a variety of downstream tasks such as knowledge graph completion, question answering and recommendation, KGE has gained significant attention recently. Despite its effectiveness in a benign environment, KGE' robustness to adversarial attacks is not well-studied. Existing attack methods on graph data cannot be directly applied to attack the embeddings of knowledge graph due to its heterogeneity. To fill this gap, we propose a collection of data poisoning attack strategies, which can effectively manipulate the plausibility of arbitrary targeted facts in a knowledge graph by adding or deleting facts on the graph. The effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed attack strategies are verified by extensive evaluations on two widely-used benchmarks. 

045__ Learning in the  Limbo of Resources__arXiv:1904.12043
Author: Haibin Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12043
 Abstract: With an increasing demand for training powers for deep learning algorithms and the rapid growth of computation resources in data centers, it is desirable to dynamically schedule different distributed deep learning tasks to maximize resource utilization and reduce cost. In this process, different tasks may receive varying numbers of machines at different time, a setting we call elastic distributed training. Despite the recent successes in large mini-batch distributed training, these methods are rarely tested in elastic distributed training environments and suffer degraded performance in our experiments, when we adjust the learning rate linearly immediately with respect to the batch size. One difficulty we observe is that the noise in the stochastic momentum estimation is accumulated over time and will have delayed effects when the batch size changes. We therefore propose to smoothly adjust the learning rate over time to alleviate the influence of the noisy momentum estimation. Our experiments on image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation have demonstrated that our proposed Dynamic SGD method achieves stabilized performance when varying the number of GPUs from 8 to 128. We also provide theoretical understanding on the optimality of linear learning rate scheduling and the effects of stochastic momentum. 

046__ A Distributed Method for Fitting Laplacian Regularized Stratified Models__arXiv:1904.12017
Author: Jonathan Tuck
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12017
 Abstract: Stratified models are models that depend in an arbitrary way on a set of selected categorical features, and depend linearly on the other features. In a basic and traditional formulation a separate model is fit for each value of the categorical feature, using only the data that has the specific categorical value. To this formulation we add Laplacian regularization, which encourages the model parameters for neighboring categorical values to be similar. Laplacian regularization allows us to specify one or more weighted graphs on the stratification feature values. For example, stratifying over the days of the week, we can specify that the Sunday model parameter should be close to the Saturday and Monday model parameters. The regularization improves the performance of the model over the traditional stratified model, since the model for each value of the categorical `borrows strength' from its neighbors. In particular, it produces a model even for categorical values that did not appear in the training data set. We propose an efficient distributed method for fitting stratified models, based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). When the fitting loss functions are convex, the stratified model fitting problem is convex, and our method computes the global minimizer of the loss plus regularization; in other cases it computes a local minimizer. The method is very efficient, and naturally scales to large data sets or numbers of stratified feature values. We illustrate our method with a variety of examples. 

047__ Evaluation and Verification of Conformity to  Output-size Specifications__arXiv:1904.12004
Author: Chenglong Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12004
 Abstract: Models such as Sequence-to-Sequence and Image-to-Sequence are widely used in real world applications. While the ability of these neural architectures to produce variable-length outputs makes them extremely effective for problems like Machine Translation and Image Captioning, it also leaves them vulnerable to failures of the form where the model produces outputs of undesirable length. This behavior can have severe consequences such as usage of increased computation and induce faults in downstream modules that expect outputs of a certain length. Motivated by the need to have a better understanding of the failures of these models, this paper proposes and studies the novel output-size modulation problem and makes two key technical contributions. First, to evaluate model robustness, we develop an easy-to-compute differentiable proxy objective that can be used with gradient-based algorithms to find output-lengthening inputs. Second and more importantly, we develop a verification approach that can formally verify whether a network always produces outputs within a certain length. Experimental results on Machine Translation and Image Captioning show that our output-lengthening approach can produce outputs that are 50 times longer than the input, while our verification approach can, given a model and input domain, prove that the output length is below a certain size. 

048__ Cosmic Neutral Hydrogen with Generative Adversarial Networks__arXiv:1904.12846
Author: Juan Zamudio-Fernandez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12846
 Abstract: One of the most promising ways to observe the Universe is by detecting the 21cm emission from cosmic neutral hydrogen (HI) through radio-telescopes. Those observations can shed light on fundamental astrophysical questions only if accurate theoretical predictions are available. In order to maximize the scientific return of these surveys, those predictions need to include different observables and be precise on non-linear scales. Currently, one of the best ways to achieve this is via cosmological hydrodynamic simulations; however, the computational cost of these simulations is high -- tens of millions of CPU hours. In this work, we use Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks (WGANs) to generate new high-resolution ($35~h^{-1}{\rm kpc}$) 3D realizations of cosmic HI at $z=5$. We do so by sampling from a 100-dimension manifold, learned by the generator, that characterizes the fully non-linear abundance and clustering of cosmic HI from the state-of-the-art simulation IllustrisTNG. We show that different statistical properties of the produced samples -- 1D PDF, power spectrum, bispectrum, and void size function -- match very well those of IllustrisTNG, and outperform state-of-the-art models such as Halo Occupation Distributions (HODs). Our WGAN samples reproduce the abundance of HI across 9 orders of magnitude, from the Ly$\alpha$ forest to Damped Lyman Absorbers. WGAN can produce new samples orders of magnitude faster than hydrodynamic simulations. 

049__ Gated deep neural networks for implied volatility surfaces__arXiv:1904.12834
Author: Yu Zheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12834
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a gated deep neural network model to predict implied volatility surfaces. Conventional financial conditions and empirical evidence related to the implied volatility are incorporated into the neural network architecture design and calibration including no static arbitrage, boundaries, asymptotic slope and volatility smile. They are also satisfied empirically by the option data on the S&P 500 over a ten years period. Our proposed model outperforms the widely used surface stochastic volatility inspired model on the mean average percentage error in both in-sample and out-of-sample datasets. The research of this study has a fundamental methodological contribution to the emerging trend of applying the state-of-the-art information technology into business studies as our model provides a framework of integrating data-driven machine learning algorithms with financial theories and this framework can be easily extended and applied to solve other problems in finance or other business fields. 

050__ Wave Physics as an Analog Recurrent Neural Network__arXiv:1904.12831
Author: Tyler W. Hughes
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12831
 Abstract: Analog machine learning hardware platforms promise to be faster and more energy-efficient than their digital counterparts. Wave physics, as found in acoustics and optics, is a natural candidate for building analog processors for time-varying signals. Here we identify a mapping between the dynamics of wave physics, and the computation in recurrent neural networks. This mapping indicates that physical wave systems can be trained to learn complex features in temporal data, using standard training techniques for neural networks. As a demonstration, we show that an inversely-designed inhomogeneous medium can perform vowel classification on raw audio data by simple propagation of waves through such a medium, achieving performance that is comparable to a standard digital implementation of a recurrent neural network. These findings pave the way for a new class of analog machine learning platforms, capable of fast and efficient processing of information in its native domain. 

051__ Localization, Detection and Tracking of Multiple Moving Sound Sources  with a Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network__arXiv:1904.12769
Author: Sharath Adavanne
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12769
 Abstract: This paper investigates the joint localization, detection, and tracking of sound events using a convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN). We use a CRNN previously proposed for the localization and detection of stationary sources, and show that the recurrent layers enable the spatial tracking of moving sources when trained with dynamic scenes. The tracking performance of the CRNN is compared with a stand-alone tracking method that combines a multi-source (DOA) estimator and a particle filter. Their respective performance is evaluated in various acoustic conditions such as anechoic and reverberant scenarios, stationary and moving sources at several angular velocities, and with a varying number of overlapping sources. The results show that the CRNN manages to track multiple sources more consistently than the parametric method across acoustic scenarios, but at the cost of higher localization error. 

052__ Bridging the Depth Gap  between Search and Evaluation__arXiv:1904.12760
Author: Xin Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12760
 Abstract: Recently, differentiable search methods have made major progress in reducing the computational costs of neural architecture search. However, these approaches often report lower accuracy in evaluating the searched architecture or transferring it to another dataset. This is arguably due to the large gap between the architecture depths in search and evaluation scenarios. In this paper, we present an efficient algorithm which allows the depth of searched architectures to grow gradually during the training procedure. This brings two issues, namely, heavier computational overheads and weaker search stability, which we solve using search space approximation and regularization, respectively. With a significantly reduced search time (~7 hours on a single GPU), our approach achieves state-of-the-art performance on both the proxy dataset (CIFAR10 or CIFAR100) and the target dataset (ImageNet). Code is available at this https URL 

053__ Capturing human categorization of natural images at scale by combining  deep networks and cognitive models__arXiv:1904.12690
Author: Ruairidh M. Battleday
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12690
 Abstract: Human categorization is one of the most important and successful targets of cognitive modeling in psychology, yet decades of development and assessment of competing models have been contingent on small sets of simple, artificial experimental stimuli. Here we extend this modeling paradigm to the domain of natural images, revealing the crucial role that stimulus representation plays in categorization and its implications for conclusions about how people form categories. Applying psychological models of categorization to natural images required two significant advances. First, we conducted the first large-scale experimental study of human categorization, involving over 500,000 human categorization judgments of 10,000 natural images from ten non-overlapping object categories. Second, we addressed the traditional bottleneck of representing high-dimensional images in cognitive models by exploring the best of current supervised and unsupervised deep and shallow machine learning methods. We find that selecting sufficiently expressive, data-driven representations is crucial to capturing human categorization, and using these representations allows simple models that represent categories with abstract prototypes to outperform the more complex memory-based exemplar accounts of categorization that have dominated in studies using less naturalistic stimuli. 

054__ An efficient branch-and-cut algorithm for approximately submodular  function maximization__arXiv:1904.12682
Author: Naoya Uematsu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12682
 Abstract: When approaching to problems in computer science, we often encounter situations where a subset of a finite set maximizing some utility function needs to be selected. Some of such utility functions are known to be approximately submodular. For the problem of maximizing an approximately submodular function (ASFM problem), a greedy algorithm quickly finds good feasible solutions for many instances while guaranteeing ($1-e^{-\gamma}$)-approximation ratio for a given submodular ratio $\gamma$. However, we still encounter its applications that ask more accurate or exactly optimal solutions within a reasonable computation time. In this paper, we present an efficient branch-and-cut algorithm for the non-decreasing ASFM problem based on its binary integer programming (BIP) formulation with an exponential number of constraints. To this end, we first derive a BIP formulation of the ASFM problem and then, develop an improved constraint generation algorithm that starts from a reduced BIP problem with a small subset of constraints and repeats solving the reduced BIP problem while adding a promising set of constraints at each iteration. Moreover, we incorporate it into a branch-and-cut algorithm to attain good upper bounds while solving a smaller number of nodes of a search tree. The computational results for three types of well-known benchmark instances show that our algorithm performs better than the conventional exact algorithms. 

055__ Hierarchical Context enabled Recurrent Neural Network for Recommendation__arXiv:1904.12674
Author: Kyungwoo Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12674
 Abstract: A long user history inevitably reflects the transitions of personal interests over time. The analyses on the user history require the robust sequential model to anticipate the transitions and the decays of user interests. The user history is often modeled by various RNN structures, but the RNN structures in the recommendation system still suffer from the long-term dependency and the interest drifts. To resolve these challenges, we suggest HCRNN with three hierarchical contexts of the global, the local, and the temporary interests. This structure is designed to withhold the global long-term interest of users, to reflect the local sub-sequence interests, and to attend the temporary interests of each transition. Besides, we propose a hierarchical context-based gate structure to incorporate our \textit{interest drift assumption}. As we suggest a new RNN structure, we support HCRNN with a complementary \textit{bi-channel attention} structure to utilize hierarchical context. We experimented the suggested structure on the sequential recommendation tasks with CiteULike, MovieLens, and LastFM, and our model showed the best performances in the sequential recommendations. 

056__ Efficient, Parameter-Free Image  Partitioning__arXiv:1904.12654
Author: Steffen Wolf
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12654
 Abstract: Image partitioning, or segmentation without semantics, is the task of decomposing an image into distinct segments, or equivalently to detect closed contours. Most prior work either requires seeds, one per segment; or a threshold; or formulates the task as multicut / correlation clustering, an NP-hard problem. Here, we propose a greedy algorithm for signed graph partitioning, the "Mutex Watershed". Unlike seeded watershed, the algorithm can accommodate not only attractive but also repulsive cues, allowing it to find a previously unspecified number of segments without the need for explicit seeds or a tunable threshold. We also prove that this simple algorithm solves to global optimality an objective function that is intimately related to the multicut / correlation clustering integer linear programming formulation. The algorithm is deterministic, very simple to implement, and has empirically linearithmic complexity. When presented with short-range attractive and long-range repulsive cues from a deep neural network, the Mutex Watershed gives the best results currently known for the competitive ISBI 2012 EM segmentation benchmark. error here, check on website.

058__ Learning from Sets of Items in Recommender Systems__arXiv:1904.12643
Author: Mohit Sharma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12643
 Abstract: Most of the existing recommender systems use the ratings provided by users on individual items. An additional source of preference information is to use the ratings that users provide on sets of items. The advantages of using preferences on sets are two-fold. First, a rating provided on a set conveys some preference information about each of the set's items, which allows us to acquire a user's preferences for more items that the number of ratings that the user provided. Second, due to privacy concerns, users may not be willing to reveal their preferences on individual items explicitly but may be willing to provide a single rating to a set of items, since it provides some level of information hiding. This paper investigates two questions related to using set-level ratings in recommender systems. First, how users' item-level ratings relate to their set-level ratings. Second, how collaborative filtering-based models for item-level rating prediction can take advantage of such set-level ratings. We have collected set-level ratings from active users of Movielens on sets of movies that they have rated in the past. Our analysis of these ratings shows that though the majority of the users provide the average of the ratings on a set's constituent items as the rating on the set, there exists a significant number of users that tend to consistently either under- or over-rate the sets. We have developed collaborative filtering-based methods to explicitly model these user behaviors that can be used to recommend items to users. Experiments on real data and on synthetic data that resembles the under- or over-rating behavior in the real data, demonstrate that these models can recover the overall characteristics of the underlying data and predict the user's ratings on individual items. 

059__ Context-Aware Zero-Shot Learning for Object Recognition__arXiv:1904.12638
Author: Eloi Zablocki
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12638
 Abstract: Zero-Shot Learning (ZSL) aims at classifying unlabeled objects by leveraging auxiliary knowledge, such as semantic representations. A limitation of previous approaches is that only intrinsic properties of objects, e.g. their visual appearance, are taken into account while their context, e.g. the surrounding objects in the image, is ignored. Following the intuitive principle that objects tend to be found in certain contexts but not others, we propose a new and challenging approach, context-aware ZSL, that leverages semantic representations in a new way to model the conditional likelihood of an object to appear in a given context. Finally, through extensive experiments conducted on Visual Genome, we show that contextual information can substantially improve the standard ZSL approach and is robust to unbalanced classes. 

060__ Catch Me If You Can__arXiv:1904.12627
Author: Antoine Viscardi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12627
 Abstract: As advances in signature recognition have reached a new plateau of performance at around 2% error rate, it is interesting to investigate alternative approaches. The approach detailed in this paper looks at using Variational Auto-Encoders (VAEs) to learn a latent space representation of genuine signatures. This is then used to pass unlabelled signatures such that only the genuine ones will successfully be reconstructed by the VAE. This latent space representation and the reconstruction loss is subsequently used by random forest and kNN classifiers for prediction. Subsequently, VAE disentanglement and the possibility of posterior collapse are ascertained and analysed. The final results suggest that while this method performs less well than existing alternatives, further work may allow this to be used as part of an ensemble for future models. 

061__ BowTie - A deep learning feedforward neural network for sentiment  analysis__arXiv:1904.12624
Author: Apostol Vassilev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12624
 Abstract: How to model and encode the semantics of human-written text and select the type of neural network to process it are not settled issues in sentiment analysis. Accuracy and transferability are critical issues in machine learning in general. These properties are closely related to the loss estimates for the trained model. I present a computationally-efficient and accurate feedforward neural network for sentiment prediction capable of maintaining low losses. When coupled with an effective semantics model of the text, it provides highly accurate models with low losses. Experimental results on representative benchmark datasets and comparisons to other methods show the advantages of the new approach. 

062__ Using Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing to Review and  Classify the Medical Literature on Cancer Susceptibility Genes__arXiv:1904.12617
Author: Yujia Bao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12617
 Abstract: PURPOSE: The medical literature relevant to germline genetics is growing exponentially. Clinicians need tools monitoring and prioritizing the literature to understand the clinical implications of the pathogenic genetic variants. We developed and evaluated two machine learning models to classify abstracts as relevant to the penetrance (risk of cancer for germline mutation carriers) or prevalence of germline genetic mutations. METHODS: We conducted literature searches in PubMed and retrieved paper titles and abstracts to create an annotated dataset for training and evaluating the two machine learning classification models. Our first model is a support vector machine (SVM) which learns a linear decision rule based on the bag-of-ngrams representation of each title and abstract. Our second model is a convolutional neural network (CNN) which learns a complex nonlinear decision rule based on the raw title and abstract. We evaluated the performance of the two models on the classification of papers as relevant to penetrance or prevalence. RESULTS: For penetrance classification, we annotated 3740 paper titles and abstracts and used 60% for training the model, 20% for tuning the model, and 20% for evaluating the model. The SVM model achieves 89.53% accuracy (percentage of papers that were correctly classified) while the CNN model achieves 88.95 % accuracy. For prevalence classification, we annotated 3753 paper titles and abstracts. The SVM model achieves 89.14% accuracy while the CNN model achieves 89.13 % accuracy. CONCLUSION: Our models achieve high accuracy in classifying abstracts as relevant to penetrance or prevalence. By facilitating literature review, this tool could help clinicians and researchers keep abreast of the burgeoning knowledge of gene-cancer associations and keep the knowledge bases for clinical decision support tools up to date. 

063__ Selfie Cartoonization with Attentive  Adversarial Networks__arXiv:1904.12615
Author: Xinyu Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12615
 Abstract: Selfie and cartoon are two popular artistic forms that are widely presented in our daily life. Despite the great progress in image translation/stylization, few techniques focus specifically on selfie cartoonization, since cartoon images usually contain artistic abstraction (e.g., large smoothing areas) and exaggeration (e.g., large/delicate eyebrows). In this paper, we address this problem by proposing a selfie cartoonization Generative Adversarial Network (scGAN), which mainly uses an attentive adversarial network (AAN) to emphasize specific facial regions and ignore low-level details. More specifically, we first design a cycle-like architecture to enable training with unpaired data. Then we design three losses from different aspects. A total variation loss is used to highlight important edges and contents in cartoon portraits. An attentive cycle loss is added to lay more emphasis on delicate facial areas such as eyes. In addition, a perceptual loss is included to eliminate artifacts and improve robustness of our method. Experimental results show that our method is capable of generating different cartoon styles and outperforms a number of state-of-the-art methods. error here, check on website.

065__ Integrating Open Information Extraction and Knowledge Bases with  Relation Inference__arXiv:1904.12606
Author: Dongxu Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12606
 Abstract: In this paper, we consider advancing web-scale knowledge extraction and alignment by integrating OpenIE extractions in the form of (subject, predicate, object) triples with Knowledge Bases (KB). Traditional techniques from universal schema and from schema mapping fall in two extremes: either they perform instance-level inference relying on embedding for (subject, object) pairs, thus cannot handle pairs absent in any existing triples; or they perform predicate-level mapping and completely ignore background evidence from individual entities, thus cannot achieve satisfying quality. We propose OpenKI to handle sparsity of OpenIE extractions by performing instance-level inference: for each entity, we encode the rich information in its neighborhood in both KB and OpenIE extractions, and leverage this information in relation inference by exploring different methods of aggregation and attention. In order to handle unseen entities, our model is designed without creating entity-specific parameters. Extensive experiments show that this method not only significantly improves state-of-the-art for conventional OpenIE extractions like ReVerb, but also boosts the performance on OpenIE from semi-structured data, where new entity pairs are abundant and data are fairly sparse. 

066__ Pre-training of Context-aware Item Representation for Next Basket  Recommendation__arXiv:1904.12604
Author: Jingxuan Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12604
 Abstract: Next basket recommendation, which aims to predict the next a few items that a user most probably purchases given his historical transactions, plays a vital role in market basket analysis. From the viewpoint of item, an item could be purchased by different users together with different items, for different reasons. Therefore, an ideal recommender system should represent an item considering its transaction contexts. Existing state-of-the-art deep learning methods usually adopt the static item representations, which are invariant among all of the transactions and thus cannot achieve the full potentials of deep learning. Inspired by the pre-trained representations of BERT in natural language processing, we propose to conduct context-aware item representation for next basket recommendation, called Item Encoder Representations from Transformers (IERT). In the offline phase, IERT pre-trains deep item representations conditioning on their transaction contexts. In the online recommendation phase, the pre-trained model is further fine-tuned with an additional output layer. The output contextualized item embeddings are used to capture users' sequential behaviors and general tastes to conduct recommendation. Experimental results on the Ta-Feng data set show that IERT outperforms the state-of-the-art baseline methods, which demonstrated the effectiveness of IERT in next basket representation. error here, check on website.

068__ Interpreting Scenes, Words, and  Sentences From Natural Supervision__arXiv:1904.12584
Author: Jiayuan Mao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12584
 Abstract: We propose the Neuro-Symbolic Concept Learner (NS-CL), a model that learns visual concepts, words, and semantic parsing of sentences without explicit supervision on any of them; instead, our model learns by simply looking at images and reading paired questions and answers. Our model builds an object-based scene representation and translates sentences into executable, symbolic programs. To bridge the learning of two modules, we use a neuro-symbolic reasoning module that executes these programs on the latent scene representation. Analogical to human concept learning, the perception module learns visual concepts based on the language description of the object being referred to. Meanwhile, the learned visual concepts facilitate learning new words and parsing new sentences. We use curriculum learning to guide the searching over the large compositional space of images and language. Extensive experiments demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of our model on learning visual concepts, word representations, and semantic parsing of sentences. Further, our method allows easy generalization to new object attributes, compositions, language concepts, scenes and questions, and even new program domains. It also empowers applications including visual question answering and bidirectional image-text retrieval. 

069__ Twitter Sentiment Analysis using Distributed Word and Sentence  Representation__arXiv:1904.12580
Author: Dwarampudi Mahidhar Reddy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12580
 Abstract: An important part of the information gathering and data analysis is to find out what people think about, either a product or an entity. Twitter is an opinion rich social networking site. The posts or tweets from this data can be used for mining people's opinions. The recent surge of activity in this area can be attributed to the computational treatment of data, which made opinion extraction and sentiment analysis easier. This paper classifies tweets into positive and negative sentiments, but instead of using traditional methods or preprocessing text data here we use the distributed representations of words and sentences to classify the tweets. We use Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) Networks, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Artificial Neural Networks. The first two are used on Distributed Representation of words while the latter is used on the distributed representation of sentences. This paper achieves accuracies as high as 81%. It also suggests the best and optimal ways for creating distributed representations of words for sentiment analysis, out of the available methods. 

070__ Operation-aware Neural Networks for User Response Prediction__arXiv:1904.12579
Author: Yi Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12579
 Abstract: User response prediction makes a crucial contribution to the rapid development of online advertising system and recommendation system. The importance of learning feature interactions has been emphasized by many works. Many deep models are proposed to automatically learn high-order feature interactions. Since most features in advertising system and recommendation system are high-dimensional sparse features, deep models usually learn a low-dimensional distributed representation for each feature in the bottom layer. Besides traditional fully-connected architectures, some new operations, such as convolutional operations and product operations, are proposed to learn feature interactions better. In these models, the representation is shared among different operations. However, the best representation for different operations may be different. In this paper, we propose a new neural model named Operation-aware Neural Networks (ONN) which learns different representations for different operations. Our experimental results on two large-scale real-world ad click/conversion datasets demonstrate that ONN consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art models in both offline-training environment and online-training environment. 

071__ Hierarchical Attention Network for Extreme Multi-Label Text  Classification__arXiv:1904.12578
Author: Ronghui You
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12578
 Abstract: Extreme multi-label text classification (XMTC) addresses the problem of tagging each text with the most relevant labels from an extreme-scale label set. Traditional methods use bag-of-words (BOW) representations without context information as their features. The state-ot-the-art deep learning-based method, AttentionXML, which uses a recurrent neural network (RNN) and the multi-label attention, can hardly deal with extreme-scale (hundreds of thousands labels) problem. To address this, we propose our HAXMLNet, which uses an efficient and effective hierarchical structure with the multi-label attention. Experimental results show that HAXMLNet reaches a competitive performance with other state-of-the-art methods. error here, check on website.

073__ Link Stream Graph for Temporal Recommendations__arXiv:1904.12576
Author: Armel Jacques Nzekon Nzeko'o
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12576
 Abstract: Several researches on recommender systems are based on explicit rating data, but in many real world e-commerce platforms, ratings are not always available, and in those situations, recommender systems have to deal with implicit data such as users' purchase history, browsing history and streaming history. In this context, classical bipartite user-item graphs (BIP) are widely used to compute top-N recommendations. However, these graphs have some limitations, particularly in terms of taking temporal dynamic into account. This is not good because users' preference change over time. To overcome this limit, the Session-based Temporal Graph (STG) was proposed by Xiang et al. to combine long- and short-term preferences in a graph-based recommender system. But in the STG, time is divided into slices and therefore considered discontinuously. This approach loses details of the real temporal dynamics of user actions. To address this challenge, we propose the Link Stream Graph (LSG) which is an extension of link stream representation proposed by Latapy et al. and which allows to model interactions between users and items by considering time continuously. Experiments conducted on four real world implicit datasets for temporal recommendation, with 3 evaluation metrics, show that LSG is the best in 9 out of 12 cases compared to BIP and STG which are the most used state-of-the-art recommender graphs. 

074__ Knowledge Graph Convolutional Networks for Recommender Systems__arXiv:1904.12575
Author: Hongwei Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12575
 Abstract: To alleviate sparsity and cold start problem of collaborative filtering based recommender systems, researchers and engineers usually collect attributes of users and items, and design delicate algorithms to exploit these additional information. In general, the attributes are not isolated but connected with each other, which forms a knowledge graph (KG). In this paper, we propose Knowledge Graph Convolutional Networks (KGCN), an end-to-end framework that captures inter-item relatedness effectively by mining their associated attributes on the KG. To automatically discover both high-order structure information and semantic information of the KG, we sample from the neighbors for each entity in the KG as their receptive field, then combine neighborhood information with bias when calculating the representation of a given entity. The receptive field can be extended to multiple hops away to model high-order proximity information and capture users' potential long-distance interests. Moreover, we implement the proposed KGCN in a minibatch fashion, which enables our model to operate on large datasets and KGs. We apply the proposed model to three datasets about movie, book, and music recommendation, and experiment results demonstrate that our approach outperforms strong recommender baselines. 

075__ Modeling Complementary Products and Customer Preferences with Context  Knowledge for Online Recommendation__arXiv:1904.12574
Author: Da Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12574
 Abstract: Modeling item complementariness and user preferences from purchase data is essential for learning good representations of products and customers, which empowers the modern personalized recommender system for Walmart's e-commerce platform. The intrinsic complementary relationship among products captures the buy-also-buy patterns and provides great sources for recommendations. Product complementary patterns, though often reflected by population purchase behaviors, are not separable from customer-specific bias in purchase data. We propose a unified model with Bayesian network structure that takes account of both factors. In the meantime, we merge the contextual knowledge of both products and customers into their representations. We also use the dual product embeddings to capture the intrinsic properties of complementariness, such as asymmetry. The separating hyperplane theory sheds light on the geometric interpretation of using the additional embedding. We conduct extensive evaluations on our model before final production, and propose a novel ranking criterion based on product and customer embeddings. Our method compares favorably to existing approaches in various offline and online testings, and case studies demonstrate the advantage and usefulness of the dual product embeddings as well as the user embeddings. 

076__ A Unified End-to-End Neural Approach for Open-Domain  Information Extraction__arXiv:1904.12535
Author: Mingming Sun
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12535
 Abstract: In this paper, we consider the problem of open information extraction (OIE) for extracting entity and relation level intermediate structures from sentences in open-domain. We focus on four types of valuable intermediate structures (Relation, Attribute, Description, and Concept), and propose a unified knowledge expression form, SAOKE, to express them. We publicly release a data set which contains more than forty thousand sentences and the corresponding facts in the SAOKE format labeled by crowd-sourcing. To our knowledge, this is the largest publicly available human labeled data set for open information extraction tasks. Using this labeled SAOKE data set, we train an end-to-end neural model using the sequenceto-sequence paradigm, called Logician, to transform sentences into facts. For each sentence, different to existing algorithms which generally focus on extracting each single fact without concerning other possible facts, Logician performs a global optimization over all possible involved facts, in which facts not only compete with each other to attract the attention of words, but also cooperate to share words. An experimental study on various types of open domain relation extraction tasks reveals the consistent superiority of Logician to other states-of-the-art algorithms. The experiments verify the reasonableness of SAOKE format, the valuableness of SAOKE data set, the effectiveness of the proposed Logician model, and the feasibility of the methodology to apply end-to-end learning paradigm on supervised data sets for the challenging tasks of open information extraction. 

077__ Casting Geometric Constraints in Semantic Segmentation as  Semi-Supervised Learning__arXiv:1904.12534
Author: Sinisa Stekovic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12534
 Abstract: We propose a simple yet effective method to learn to segment new indoor scenes from an RGB-D sequence: State-of-the-art methods trained on one dataset, even as large as SUNRGB-D dataset, can perform poorly when applied to images that are not part of the dataset, because of the dataset bias, a common phenomenon in computer vision. To make semantic segmentation more useful in practice, we learn to segment new indoor scenes from sequences without manual annotations by exploiting geometric constraints and readily available training data from SUNRGB-D. As a result, we can then robustly segment new images of these scenes from color information only. To efficiently exploit geometric constraints for our purpose, we propose to cast these constraints as semi-supervised terms, which enforce the fact that the same class should be predicted for the projections of the same 3D location in different images. We show that this approach results in a simple yet very powerful method, which can annotate sequences of ScanNet and our own sequences using only annotations from SUNRGB-D. 

078__ Teaching AI, Ethics, Law and Policy__arXiv:1904.12470
Author: Asher Wilk
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12470
 Abstract: The cyberspace and the development of new technologies, especially intelligent systems using artificial intelligence, present enormous challenges to computer professionals, data scientists, managers and policy makers. There is a need to address professional responsibility, ethical, legal, societal, and policy issues. This paper presents problems and issues relevant to computer professionals and decision makers and suggests a curriculum for a course on ethics, law and policy. Such a course will create awareness of the ethics issues involved in building and using software and artificial intelligence. 

079__ Making the Last Iterate of SGD Information Theoretically Optimal__arXiv:1904.12443
Author: Prateek Jain
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12443
 Abstract: Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) is one of the most widely used algorithms for large scale optimization problems. While classical theoretical analysis of SGD for convex problems studies (suffix) \emph{averages} of iterates and obtains information theoretically optimal bounds on suboptimality, the \emph{last point} of SGD is, by far, the most preferred choice in practice. The best known results for last point of SGD~\cite{shamir2013stochastic} however, are suboptimal compared to information theoretic lower bounds by a $\log T$ factor, where $T$ is the number of iterations.~\cite{harvey2018tight} shows that in fact, this additional $\log T$ factor is tight for standard step size sequences of $\OTheta{\frac{1}{\sqrt{t}}}$ and $\OTheta{\frac{1}{t}}$ for non-strongly convex and strongly convex settings, respectively. Similarly, even for subgradient descent (GD) when applied to non-smooth, convex functions, the best known step-size sequences still lead to $O(\log T)$-suboptimal convergence rates (on the final iterate). The main contribution of this work is to design new step size sequences that enjoy information theoretically optimal bounds on the suboptimality of \emph{last point} of SGD as well as GD. We achieve this by designing a modification scheme, that converts one sequence of step sizes to another so that the last point of SGD/GD with modified sequence has the same suboptimality guarantees as the average of SGD/GD with original sequence. We also show that our result holds with high-probability. We validate our results through simulations which demonstrate that the new step size sequence indeed improves the final iterate significantly compared to the standard step size sequences. 

080__ Machine Learning in the Air__arXiv:1904.12385
Author: Deniz Gunduz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12385
 Abstract: Thanks to the recent advances in processing speed and data acquisition and storage, machine learning (ML) is penetrating every facet of our lives, and transforming research in many areas in a fundamental manner. Wireless communications is another success story -- ubiquitous in our lives, from handheld devices to wearables, smart homes, and automobiles. While recent years have seen a flurry of research activity in exploiting ML tools for various wireless communication problems, the impact of these techniques in practical communication systems and standards is yet to be seen. In this paper, we review some of the major promises and challenges of ML in wireless communication systems, focusing mainly on the physical layer. We present some of the most striking recent accomplishments that ML techniques have achieved with respect to classical approaches, and point to promising research directions where ML is likely to make the biggest impact in the near future. We also highlight the complementary problem of designing physical layer techniques to enable distributed ML at the wireless network edge, which further emphasizes the need to understand and connect ML with fundamental concepts in wireless communications. 

081__ Softmax Optimizations for Intel Xeon Processor-based Platforms__arXiv:1904.12380
Author: Jacek Czaja
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12380
 Abstract: Softmax is popular normalization method used in machine learning. Deep learning solutions like Transformer or BERT use the softmax function intensively, so it is worthwhile to optimize its performance. This article presents our methodology of optimization and its results applied to softmax. By presenting this methodology, we hope to increase an interest in deep learning optimizations for CPUs. We believe that the optimization process presented here could be transferred to other deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. 

082__ Low-Rank Principal Eigenmatrix Analysis__arXiv:1904.12369
Author: Krishna Balasubramanian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12369
 Abstract: Sparse PCA is a widely used technique for high-dimensional data analysis. In this paper, we propose a new method called low-rank principal eigenmatrix analysis. Different from sparse PCA, the dominant eigenvectors are allowed to be dense but are assumed to have a low-rank structure when matricized appropriately. Such a structure arises naturally in several practical cases: Indeed the top eigenvector of a circulant matrix, when matricized appropriately is a rank-1 matrix. We propose a matricized rank-truncated power method that could be efficiently implemented and establish its computational and statistical properties. Extensive experiments on several synthetic data sets demonstrate the competitive empirical performance of our method. 

083__ Filter Pruning via Learned Global Ranking__arXiv:1904.12368
Author: Ting-Wu Chin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12368
 Abstract: Filter pruning has shown to be effective for learning resource-constrained convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, prior methods for resource-constrained filter pruning have some limitations that hinder their effectiveness and efficiency. When searching for constraint-satisfying CNNs, prior methods either alter the optimization objective or adopt local search algorithms with heuristic parameterization, which are sub-optimal, especially in low-resource regime. From the efficiency perspective, prior methods are often costly to search for constraint-satisfying CNNs. In this work, we propose learned global ranking, dubbed LeGR, which improves upon prior art in the two aforementioned dimensions. Inspired by theoretical analysis, LeGR is parameterized to learn layer-wise affine transformations over the filter norms to construct a learned global ranking. With global ranking, resource-constrained filter pruning at various constraint levels can be done efficiently. We conduct extensive empirical analyses to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm with ResNet and MobileNetV2 networks on CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, Bird-200, and ImageNet datasets. Code is publicly available at this https URL 

084__ Optimizing regularized Cholesky score for order-based learning of  Bayesian networks__arXiv:1904.12360
Author: Qiaoling Ye
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12360
 Abstract: Bayesian networks are a class of popular graphical models that encode causal and conditional independence relations among variables by directed acyclic graphs (DAGs). We propose a novel structure learning method, annealing on regularized Cholesky score (ARCS), to search over topological sorts, or permutations of nodes, for a high-scoring Bayesian network. Our scoring function is derived from regularizing Gaussian DAG likelihood, and its optimization gives an alternative formulation of the sparse Cholesky factorization problem from a statistical viewpoint, which is of independent interest. We combine global simulated annealing over permutations with a fast proximal gradient algorithm, operating on triangular matrices of edge coefficients, to compute the score of any permutation. Combined, the two approaches allow us to quickly and effectively search over the space of DAGs without the need to verify the acyclicity constraint or to enumerate possible parent sets given a candidate topological sort. The annealing aspect of the optimization is able to consistently improve the accuracy of DAGs learned by local search algorithms. In addition, we develop several techniques to facilitate the structure learning, including pre-annealing data-driven tuning parameter selection and post-annealing constraint-based structure refinement. Through extensive numerical comparisons, we show that ARCS achieves substantial improvements over existing methods, demonstrating its great potential to learn Bayesian networks from both observational and experimental data. 

085__ Periodic Bandits and Wireless Network Selection__arXiv:1904.12355
Author: Shunhao Oh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12355
 Abstract: Bandit-style algorithms have been studied extensively in stochastic and adversarial settings. Such algorithms have been shown to be useful in multiplayer settings, e.g. to solve the wireless network selection problem, which can be formulated as an adversarial bandit problem. A leading bandit algorithm for the adversarial setting is EXP3. However, network behavior is often repetitive, where user density and network behavior follow regular patterns. Bandit algorithms, like EXP3, fail to provide good guarantees for periodic behaviors. A major reason is that these algorithms compete against fixed-action policies, which is ineffective in a periodic setting. In this paper, we define a periodic bandit setting, and periodic regret as a better performance measure for this type of setting. Instead of comparing an algorithm's performance to fixed-action policies, we aim to be competitive with policies that play arms under some set of possible periodic patterns $F$ (for example, all possible periodic functions with periods $1,2,\cdots,P$). We propose Periodic EXP4, a computationally efficient variant of the EXP4 algorithm for periodic settings. With $K$ arms, $T$ time steps, and where each periodic pattern in $F$ is of length at most $P$, we show that the periodic regret obtained by Periodic EXP4 is at most $O\big(\sqrt{PKT \log K + KT \log |F|}\big)$. We also prove a lower bound of $\Omega\big(\sqrt{PKT + KT \frac{\log |F|}{\log K}} \big)$ for the periodic setting, showing that this is optimal within log-factors. As an example, we focus on the wireless network selection problem. Through simulation, we show that Periodic EXP4 learns the periodic pattern over time, adapts to changes in a dynamic environment, and far outperforms EXP3. 

086__ Cough Detection Using Hidden Markov Models__arXiv:1904.12354
Author: Aydin Teyhouee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12354
 Abstract: Respiratory infections and chronic respiratory diseases impose a heavy health burden worldwide. Coughing is one of the most common symptoms of many such infections, and can be indicative of flare-ups of chronic respiratory diseases. Whether at a clinical or public health level, the capacity to identify bouts of coughing can aid understanding of population and individual health status. Developing health monitoring models in the context of respiratory diseases and also seasonal diseases with symptoms such as cough has the potential to improve quality of life, help clinicians and public health authorities with their decisions and decrease the cost of health services. In this paper, we investigated the ability to which a simple machine learning approach in the form of Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) could be used to classify different states of coughing using univariate (with a single energy band as the input feature) and multivariate (with a multiple energy band as the input features) binned time series using both of cough data. We further used the model to distinguish cough events from other events and environmental noise. Our Hidden Markov algorithm achieved 92% AUR (Area Under Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve) in classifying coughing events in noisy environments. Moreover, comparison of univariate with multivariate HMMs suggest a high accuracy of multivariate HMMs for cough event classifications. 

087__ Domain Agnostic Learning with Disentangled Representations__arXiv:1904.12347
Author: Xingchao Peng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12347
 Abstract: Unsupervised model transfer has the potential to greatly improve the generalizability of deep models to novel domains. Yet the current literature assumes that the separation of target data into distinct domains is known as a priori. In this paper, we propose the task of Domain-Agnostic Learning (DAL): How to transfer knowledge from a labeled source domain to unlabeled data from arbitrary target domains? To tackle this problem, we devise a novel Deep Adversarial Disentangled Autoencoder (DADA) capable of disentangling domain-specific features from class identity. We demonstrate experimentally that when the target domain labels are unknown, DADA leads to state-of-the-art performance on several image classification datasets. 

088__ Blended Matching Pursuit__arXiv:1904.12335
Author: Cyrille W. Combettes
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12335
 Abstract: Matching pursuit algorithms are an important class of algorithms in signal processing and machine learning. We present a blended matching pursuit algorithm, combining coordinate descent-like steps with stronger gradient descent steps, for minimizing a smooth convex function over a linear space spanned by a set of atoms. We derive sublinear to linear convergence rates according to the smoothness and sharpness orders of the function and demonstrate computational superiority of our approach. In particular, we derive linear rates for a wide class of non-strongly convex functions, and we demonstrate in experiments that our algorithm enjoys very fast rates of convergence and wall-clock speed while maintaining a sparsity of iterates very comparable to that of the (much slower) orthogonal matching pursuit. 

089__ Synthetic Data Generation and Adaption for Object Detection in Smart  Vending Machines__arXiv:1904.12294
Author: Kai Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12294
 Abstract: This paper presents an improved scheme for the generation and adaption of synthetic images for the training of deep Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) to perform the object detection task in smart vending machines. While generating synthetic data has proved to be effective for complementing the training data in supervised learning methods, challenges still exist for generating virtual images which are similar to those of the complex real scenes and minimizing redundant training data. To solve these problems, we consider the simulation of cluttered objects placed in a virtual scene and the wide-angle camera with distortions used to capture the whole scene in the data generation process, and post-processed the generated images with a elaborately-designed generative network to make them more similar to the real images. Various experiments have been conducted to prove the efficiency of using the generated virtual images to enhance the detection precision on existing datasets with limited real training data and the generalization ability of applying the trained network to datasets collected in new environment. 

090__ Non-myopic Planetary Exploration Combining In Situ and Remote  Measurements__arXiv:1904.12255
Author: Suhit Kodgule
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12255
 Abstract: Remote sensing can provide crucial information for planetary rovers. However, they must validate these orbital observations with in situ measurements. Typically, this involves validating hyperspectral data using a spectrometer on-board the field robot. In order to achieve this, the robot must visit sampling locations that jointly improve a model of the environment while satisfying sampling constraints. However, current planners follow sub-optimal greedy strategies that are not scalable to larger regions. We demonstrate how the problem can be effectively defined in an MDP framework and propose a planning algorithm based on Monte Carlo Tree Search, which is devoid of the common drawbacks of existing planners and also provides superior performance. We evaluate our approach using hyperspectral imagery of a well-studied geologic site in Cuprite, Nevada. 

091__ A Deep Generative Model for Graph Layout__arXiv:1904.12225
Author: Oh-Hyun Kwon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12225
 Abstract: As different layouts can characterize different aspects of the same graph, finding a "good" layout of a graph is an important task for graph visualization. In practice, users often visualize a graph in multiple layouts by using different methods and varying parameter settings until they find a layout that best suits the purpose of the visualization. However, this trial-and-error process is often haphazard and time-consuming. To provide users with an intuitive way to navigate the layout design space, we present a technique to systematically visualize a graph in diverse layouts using deep generative models. We design an encoder-decoder architecture to learn a model from a collection of example layouts, where the encoder represents training examples in a latent space and the decoder produces layouts from the latent space. In particular, we train the model to construct a two-dimensional latent space for users to easily explore and generate various layouts. We demonstrate our approach through quantitative and qualitative evaluations of the generated layouts. The results of our evaluations show that our model is capable of learning and generalizing abstract concepts of graph layouts, not just memorizing the training examples. In summary, this paper presents a fundamentally new approach to graph visualization where a machine learning model learns to visualize a graph from examples without manually-defined heuristics. 

092__ Tolerating Stragglers in Distributed Neural Network  Inference using Coding__arXiv:1904.12222
Author: Krishna Giri Narra
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12222
 Abstract: MLaaS (ML-as-a-Service) offerings by cloud computing platforms are becoming increasingly popular these days. Pre-trained machine learning models are deployed on the cloud to support prediction based applications and services. For achieving higher throughput, incoming requests are served by running multiple replicas of the model on different machines concurrently. Incidence of straggler nodes in distributed inference is a significant concern since it can increase inference latency, violate SLOs of the service. In this paper, we propose a novel coded inference model to deal with stragglers in distributed image classification. We propose modified single shot object detection models, Collage-CNN models, to provide necessary resilience efficiently. A Collage-CNN model takes collage images formed by combining multiple images as its input and performs multi-image classification in one shot. We generate custom training collages using images from standard image classification datasets and train the model to achieve high classification accuracy. Deploying the Collage-CNN models in the cloud, we demonstrate that the 99th percentile latency can be reduced by 1.45X to 2.46X compared to replication based approaches and without compromising prediction accuracy. 

093__ A Survey__arXiv:1904.12218
Author: Giannis Nikolentzos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12218
 Abstract: Graph kernels have attracted a lot of attention during the last decade, and have evolved into a rapidly developing branch of learning on structured data. During the past 20 years, the considerable research activity that occurred in the field resulted in the development of dozens of graph kernels, each focusing on specific structural properties of graphs. Graph kernels have proven successful in a wide range of domains, ranging from social networks to bioinformatics. The goal of this survey is to provide a unifying view of the literature on graph kernels. In particular, we present a comprehensive overview of a wide range of graph kernels. Furthermore, we perform an experimental evaluation of several of those kernels on publicly available datasets, and provide a comparative study. Finally, we discuss key applications of graph kernels, and outline some challenges that remain to be addressed. 

094__ Soft Marginal TransE for Scholarly Knowledge Graph Completion__arXiv:1904.12211
Author: Mojtaba Nayyeri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12211
 Abstract: Knowledge graphs (KGs), i.e. representation of information as a semantic graph, provide a significant test bed for many tasks including question answering, recommendation, and link prediction. Various amount of scholarly metadata have been made vailable as knowledge graphs from the diversity of data providers and agents. However, these high-quantities of data remain far from quality criteria in terms of completeness while growing at a rapid pace. Most of the attempts in completing such KGs are following traditional data digitization, harvesting and collaborative curation approaches. Whereas, advanced AI-related approaches such as embedding models - specifically designed for such tasks - are usually evaluated for standard benchmarks such as Freebase and Wordnet. The tailored nature of such datasets prevents those approaches to shed the lights on more accurate discoveries. Application of such models on domain-specific KGs takes advantage of enriched meta-data and provides accurate results where the underlying domain can enormously benefit. In this work, the TransE embedding model is reconciled for a specific link prediction task on scholarly metadata. The results show a significant shift in the accuracy and performance evaluation of the model on a dataset with scholarly metadata. The newly proposed version of TransE obtains 99.9% for link prediction task while original TransE gets 95%. In terms of accuracy and Hit@10, TransE outperforms other embedding models such as ComplEx, TransH and TransR experimented over scholarly knowledge graphs 

095__ Missing MRI Pulse Sequence Synthesis using Multi-Modal Generative  Adversarial Network__arXiv:1904.12200
Author: Anmol Sharma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12200
 Abstract: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is being increasingly utilized to assess, diagnose, and plan treatment for a variety of diseases. The ability to visualize tissue in varied contrasts in the form of MR pulse sequences in a single scan provides valuable insights to physicians, as well as enabling automated systems performing downstream analysis. However many issues like prohibitive scan time, image corruption, different acquisition protocols, or allergies to certain contrast materials may hinder the process of acquiring multiple sequences for a patient. This poses challenges to both physicians and automated systems since complementary information provided by the missing sequences is lost. In this paper, we propose a variant of generative adversarial network (GAN) capable of leveraging redundant information contained within multiple available sequences in order to generate one or more missing sequences for a patient scan. The proposed network is designed as a multi-input, multi-output network which combines information from all the available pulse sequences, implicitly infers which sequences are missing, and synthesizes the missing ones in a single forward pass. We demonstrate and validate our method on two brain MRI datasets each with four sequences, and show the applicability of the proposed method in simultaneously synthesizing all missing sequences in any possible scenario where either one, two, or three of the four sequences may be missing. We compare our approach with competing unimodal and multi-modal methods, and show that we outperform both quantitatively and qualitatively. 

096__ Linearized two-layers neural networks in high dimension__arXiv:1904.12191
Author: Behrooz Ghorbani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12191
 Abstract: We consider the problem of learning an unknown function $f_{\star}$ on the $d$-dimensional sphere with respect to the square loss, given i.i.d. samples $\{(y_i,{\boldsymbol x}_i)\}_{i\le n}$ where ${\boldsymbol x}_i$ is a feature vector uniformly distributed on the sphere and $y_i=f_{\star}({\boldsymbol x}_i)$. We study two popular classes of models that can be regarded as linearizations of two-layers neural networks around a random initialization: (RF) The random feature model of Rahimi-Recht; (NT) The neural tangent kernel model of Jacot-Gabriel-Hongler. Both these approaches can also be regarded as randomized approximations of kernel ridge regression (with respect to different kernels), and hence enjoy universal approximation properties when the number of neurons $N$ diverges, for a fixed dimension $d$. We prove that, if both $d$ and $N$ are large, the behavior of these models is instead remarkably simpler. If $N = o(d^2)$, then RF performs no better than linear regression with respect to the raw features ${\boldsymbol x}_i$, and NT performs no better than linear regression with respect to degree-one and two monomials in the ${\boldsymbol x}_i$. More generally, if $N= o(d^{\ell+1})$ then RF fits at most a degree-$\ell$ polynomial in the raw features, and NT fits at most a degree-$(\ell+1)$ polynomial. 

097__ Improved Conditional VRNNs for Video Prediction__arXiv:1904.12165
Author: Lluis Castrejon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12165
 Abstract: Predicting future frames for a video sequence is a challenging generative modeling task. Promising approaches include probabilistic latent variable models such as the Variational Auto-Encoder. While VAEs can handle uncertainty and model multiple possible future outcomes, they have a tendency to produce blurry predictions. In this work we argue that this is a sign of underfitting. To address this issue, we propose to increase the expressiveness of the latent distributions and to use higher capacity likelihood models. Our approach relies on a hierarchy of latent variables, which defines a family of flexible prior and posterior distributions in order to better model the probability of future sequences. We validate our proposal through a series of ablation experiments and compare our approach to current state-of-the-art latent variable models. Our method performs favorably under several metrics in three different datasets. 

098__ Exploring Information Centrality for Intrusion Detection in Large  Networks__arXiv:1904.12138
Author: Nidhi Rastogi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12138
 Abstract: Modern networked systems are constantly under threat from systemic attacks. There has been a massive upsurge in the number of devices connected to a network as well as the associated traffic volume. This has intensified the need to better understand all possible attack vectors during system design and implementation. Further, it has increased the need to mine large data sets, analyzing which has become a daunting task. It is critical to scale monitoring infrastructures to match this need, but a difficult goal for the small and medium organization. Hence, there is a need to propose novel approaches that address the big data problem in security. Information Centrality (IC) labels network nodes with better vantage points for detecting network-based anomalies as central nodes and uses them for detecting a category of attacks called systemic attacks. The main idea is that since these central nodes already see a lot of information flowing through the network, they are in a good position to detect anomalies before other nodes. This research first dives into the importance of using graphs in understanding the topology and information flow. We then introduce the usage of information centrality, a centrality-based index, to reduce data collection in existing communication networks. Using IC-identified central nodes can accelerate outlier detection when armed with a suitable anomaly detection technique. We also come up with a more efficient way to compute Information centrality for large networks. Finally, we demonstrate that central nodes detect anomalous behavior much faster than other non-central nodes, given the anomalous behavior is systemic in nature. 

099__ Enabling Open-World Specification Mining via Unsupervised Learning__arXiv:1904.12098
Author: Jordan Henkel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12098
 Abstract: Many programming tasks require using both domain-specific code and well-established patterns (such as routines concerned with file IO). Together, several small patterns combine to create complex interactions. This compounding effect, mixed with domain-specific idiosyncrasies, creates a challenging environment for fully automatic specification inference. Mining specifications in this environment, without the aid of rule templates, user-directed feedback, or predefined API surfaces, is a major challenge. We call this challenge Open-World Specification Mining. In this paper, we present a framework for mining specifications and usage patterns in an Open-World setting. We design this framework to be miner-agnostic and instead focus on disentangling complex and noisy API interactions. To evaluate our framework, we introduce a benchmark of 71 clusters extracted from five open-source projects. Using this dataset, we show that interesting clusters can be recovered, in a fully automatic way, by leveraging unsupervised learning in the form of word embeddings. Once clusters have been recovered, the challenge of Open-World Specification Mining is simplified and any trace-based mining technique can be applied. In addition, we provide a comprehensive evaluation of three word-vector learners to showcase the value of sub-word information for embeddings learned in the software-engineering domain. 

100__ Graph Neural Reasoning for 2-Quantified Boolean Formula Solvers__arXiv:1904.12084
Author: Zhanfu Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12084
 Abstract: In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of learning GNN (Graph Neural Network) based solvers and GNN-based heuristics for specified QBF (Quantified Boolean Formula) problems. We design and evaluate several GNN architectures for 2QBF formulae, and conjecture that GNN has limitations in learning 2QBF solvers. Then we show how to learn a heuristic CEGAR 2QBF solver. We further explore generalizing GNN-based heuristics to larger unseen instances, and uncover some interesting challenges. In summary, this paper provides a comprehensive surveying view of applying GNN-embeddings to specified QBF solvers, and aims to offer guidance in applying ML to more complicated symbolic reasoning problems. 

101__ Flow-based generative models for Markov chain Monte Carlo in lattice  field theory__arXiv:1904.12072
Author: M. S. Albergo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12072
 Abstract: A Markov chain update scheme using a machine-learned flow-based generative model is proposed for Monte Carlo sampling in lattice field theories. The generative model may be optimized (trained) to produce samples from a distribution approximating the desired Boltzmann distribution determined by the lattice action of the theory being studied. Training the model systematically improves autocorrelation times in the Markov chain, even in regions of parameter space where standard Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithms exhibit critical slowing down in producing decorrelated updates. Moreover, the model may be trained without existing samples from the desired distribution. The algorithm is compared with HMC and local Metropolis sampling for $\phi^4$ theory in two dimensions. 

102__ Inductive Graph Pattern Learning for Recommender Systems Based on a  Graph Neural Network__arXiv:1904.12058
Author: Muhan Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.12058
 Abstract: Most modern successful recommender systems are based on matrix factorization techniques, i.e., learning a latent embedding for each user and each item from the given rating matrix and use the embeddings to complete the matrix. However, these learned latent embeddings are inherently transductive and are not designed to generalize to unseen users/items or new tasks. In this paper, we aim to learn an inductive model for recommender systems based on the local graph patterns around user-item pairs. The inductive model can generalize to unseen nodes/items, and potentially also transfer to other tasks. To learn such a model, we extract a local enclosing subgraph for each training (user, item) pair, and feed the subgraphs to a graph neural network (GNN) to train a rating prediction model. We show that our model achieves highly competitive performance with state-of-the-art transductive methods, and is more stable when the rating matrix is sparse. Furthermore, our transfer learning experiment validates that the learned model is transferrable to new tasks. 

103__ Personalization in Goal-Oriented Dialog__arXiv:1706.07503
Author: Chaitanya K. Joshi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1706.07503
 Abstract: The main goal of modeling human conversation is to create agents which can interact with people in both open-ended and goal-oriented scenarios. End-to-end trained neural dialog systems are an important line of research for such generalized dialog models as they do not resort to any situation-specific handcrafting of rules. However, incorporating personalization into such systems is a largely unexplored topic as there are no existing corpora to facilitate such work. In this paper, we present a new dataset of goal-oriented dialogs which are influenced by speaker profiles attached to them. We analyze the shortcomings of an existing end-to-end dialog system based on Memory Networks and propose modifications to the architecture which enable personalization. We also investigate personalization in dialog as a multi-task learning problem, and show that a single model which shares features among various profiles outperforms separate models for each profile. 