------------------------------
Mon, May 27  2019
------------------------------
116 new papers today.

001__ The advantages of multiple classes for reducing overfitting from test  set reuse__arXiv:1905.10360
Author: Vitaly Feldman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10360
 Abstract: Excessive reuse of holdout data can lead to overfitting. However, there is little concrete evidence of significant overfitting due to holdout reuse in popular multiclass benchmarks today. Known results show that, in the worst-case, revealing the accuracy of $k$ adaptively chosen classifiers on a data set of size $n$ allows to create a classifier with bias of $\Theta(\sqrt{k/n})$ for any binary prediction problem. We show a new upper bound of $\tilde O(\max\{\sqrt{k\log(n)/(mn)},k/n\})$ on the worst-case bias that any attack can achieve in a prediction problem with $m$ classes. Moreover, we present an efficient attack that achieve a bias of $\Omega(\sqrt{k/(m^2 n)})$ and improves on previous work for the binary setting ($m=2$). We also present an inefficient attack that achieves a bias of $\tilde\Omega(k/n)$. Complementing our theoretical work, we give new practical attacks to stress-test multiclass benchmarks by aiming to create as large a bias as possible with a given number of queries. Our experiments show that the additional uncertainty of prediction with a large number of classes indeed mitigates the effect of our best attacks. Our work extends developments in understanding overfitting due to adaptive data analysis to multiclass prediction problems. It also bears out the surprising fact that multiclass prediction problems are significantly more robust to overfitting when reusing a test (or holdout) dataset. This offers an explanation as to why popular multiclass prediction benchmarks, such as ImageNet, may enjoy a longer lifespan than what intuition from literature on binary classification suggests. 

002__ Invertible Generative Models of Discrete Data__arXiv:1905.10347
Author: Dustin Tran
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10347
 Abstract: While normalizing flows have led to significant advances in modeling high-dimensional continuous distributions, their applicability to discrete distributions remains unknown. In this paper, we show that flows can in fact be extended to discrete events---and under a simple change-of-variables formula not requiring log-determinant-Jacobian computations. Discrete flows have numerous applications. We consider two flow architectures: discrete autoregressive flows that enable bidirectionality, allowing, for example, tokens in text to depend on both left-to-right and right-to-left contexts in an exact language model; and discrete bipartite flows that enable efficient non-autoregressive generation as in RealNVP. Empirically, we find that discrete autoregressive flows outperform autoregressive baselines on synthetic discrete distributions, an addition task, and Potts models; and bipartite flows can obtain competitive performance with autoregressive baselines on character-level language modeling for Penn Tree Bank and text8. 

003__ Automatic Machine Learning by Pipeline Synthesis using Model-Based  Reinforcement Learning and a Grammar__arXiv:1905.10345
Author: Iddo Drori
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10345
 Abstract: Automatic machine learning is an important problem in the forefront of machine learning. The strongest AutoML systems are based on neural networks, evolutionary algorithms, and Bayesian optimization. Recently AlphaD3M reached state-of-the-art results with an order of magnitude speedup using reinforcement learning with self-play. In this work we extend AlphaD3M by using a pipeline grammar and a pre-trained model which generalizes from many different datasets and similar tasks. Our results demonstrate improved performance compared with our earlier work and existing methods on AutoML benchmark datasets for classification and regression tasks. In the spirit of reproducible research we make our data, models, and code publicly available. 

004__ What Can ResNet Learn Efficiently, Going Beyond Kernels?__arXiv:1905.10337
Author: Zeyuan Allen-Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10337
 Abstract: How can neural networks such as ResNet $\textit{efficiently}$ learn CIFAR-10 with test accuracy more than 96%, while other methods, especially kernel methods, fall far behind? Can we more provide theoretical justifications for this gap? There is an influential line of work relating neural networks to kernels in the over-parameterized regime, proving that they can learn certain concept class that is also learnable by kernels, with similar test error. Yet, can we show neural networks provably learn some concept class $\textit{better}$ than kernels? We answer this positively in the PAC learning language. We prove neural networks can efficiently learn a notable class of functions, including those defined by three-layer residual networks with smooth activations, without any distributional assumption. At the same time, we prove there are simple functions in this class that the test error obtained by neural networks can be $\textit{much smaller}$ than $\textit{any}$ "generic" kernel method, including neural tangent kernels, conjugate kernels, etc. The main intuition is that $\textit{multi-layer}$ neural networks can implicitly perform hierarchal learning using different layers, which reduces the sample complexity comparing to "one-shot" learning algorithms such as kernel methods. 

005__ Reducing Over-parametrization in Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.10324
Author: J. D. Curt¨®
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10324
 Abstract: Dr. of Crosswise proposes a new architecture to reduce over-parametrization in Neural Networks. It introduces an operand for rapid computation in the framework of Deep Learning that leverages learned weights. The formalism is described in detail providing both an accurate elucidation of the mechanics and the theoretical implications. error here, check on website.

007__ Spatially Coherent Randomized Attention Maps__arXiv:1905.10308
Author: Dan A. Calian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10308
 Abstract: Attention mechanisms and non-local mean operations in general are key ingredients in many state-of-the-art deep learning techniques. In particular, the Transformer model based on multi-head self-attention has recently achieved great success in natural language processing and computer vision. However, the vanilla algorithm computing the Transformer of an image with n pixels has O(n^2) complexity, which is often painfully slow and sometimes prohibitively expensive for large-scale image data. In this paper, we propose a fast randomized algorithm --- SCRAM --- that only requires O(n log(n)) time to produce an image attention map. Such a dramatic acceleration is attributed to our insight that attention maps on real-world images usually exhibit (1) spatial coherence and (2) sparse structure. The central idea of SCRAM is to employ PatchMatch, a randomized correspondence algorithm, to quickly pinpoint the most compatible key (argmax) for each query first, and then exploit that knowledge to design a sparse approximation to non-local mean operations. Using the argmax (mode) to dynamically construct the sparse approximation distinguishes our algorithm from all of the existing sparse approximate methods and makes it very efficient. Moreover, SCRAM is a broadly applicable approximation to any non-local mean layer in contrast to some other sparse approximations that can only approximate self-attention. Our preliminary experimental results suggest that SCRAM is indeed promising for speeding up or scaling up the computation of attention maps in the Transformer. 

008__ An Explicitly Relational Neural Network Architecture__arXiv:1905.10307
Author: Murray Shanahan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10307
 Abstract: With a view to bridging the gap between deep learning and symbolic AI, we present a novel end-to-end neural network architecture that learns to form propositional representations with an explicitly relational structure from raw pixel data. In order to evaluate and analyse the architecture, we introduce a family of simple visual relational reasoning tasks of varying complexity. We show that the proposed architecture, when pre-trained on a curriculum of such tasks, learns to generate reusable representations that better facilitate subsequent learning on previously unseen tasks when compared to a number of baseline architectures. The workings of a successfully trained model are visualised to shed some light on how the architecture functions. 

009__ Learning to learn by Self-Critique__arXiv:1905.10295
Author: Antreas Antoniou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10295
 Abstract: In few-shot learning, a machine learning system learns from a small set of labelled examples relating to a specific task, such that it can generalize to new examples of the same task. Given the limited availability of labelled examples in such tasks ,we wish to make use of all the information we can. Usually a model learns task-specific information from a small training-set (support-set) to predict on an unlabelled validation set (target-set). The target-set contains additional task-specific information which is not utilized by existing few-shot learning methods. Making use of the target-set examples via transductive learning requires approaches beyond the current methods; at inference time, the target-set contains only unlabelled input data-points, and so discriminative learning cannot be used. In this paper, we propose a framework called Self-Critique and Adaptor SCA, which learns to learn a label-free loss function, parameterized as a neural network. A base-model learns on a support-set using existing methods (e.g. stochastic gradient descent combined with the cross-entropy loss), and then is updated for the incoming target-task using the learnt loss function. This label-free loss function is itself optimized such that the learnt model achieves higher generalization performance. Experiments demonstrate that SCA offers substantially reduced error-rates compared to baselines which only adapt on the support-set, and results in state of the art benchmark performance on Mini-ImageNet and Caltech-UCSD Birds 200. 

010__ Loss Surface Modality of Feed-Forward Neural Network Architectures__arXiv:1905.10268
Author: Anna Sergeevna Bosman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10268
 Abstract: It has been argued in the past that high-dimensional neural networks do not exhibit local minima capable of trapping an optimisation algorithm. However, the relationship between loss surface modality and the neural architecture parameters, such as the number of hidden neurons per layer and the number of hidden layers, remains poorly understood. This study employs fitness landscape analysis to study the modality of neural network loss surfaces under various feed-forward architecture settings. An increase in the problem dimensionality is shown to yield a more searchable and more exploitable loss surface. An increase in the hidden layer width is shown to effectively reduce the number of local minima, and simplify the shape of the global attractor. An increase in the architecture depth is shown to sharpen the global attractor, thus making it more exploitable. 

011__ Explicitizing an Implicit Bias of the Frequency Principle in Two-layer  Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.10264
Author: Yaoyu Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10264
 Abstract: It remains a puzzle that why deep neural networks (DNNs), with more parameters than samples, often generalize well. An attempt of understanding this puzzle is to discover implicit biases underlying the training process of DNNs, such as the Frequency Principle (F-Principle), i.e., DNNs often fit target functions from low to high frequencies. Inspired by the F-Principle, we propose an effective model of linear F-Principle (LFP) dynamics which accurately predicts the learning results of two-layer ReLU neural networks (NNs) of large widths. This LFP dynamics is rationalized by a linearized mean field residual dynamics of NNs. Importantly, the long-time limit solution of this LFP dynamics is equivalent to the solution of a constrained optimization problem explicitly minimizing an FP-norm, in which higher frequencies of feasible solutions are more heavily penalized. Using this optimization formulation, an a priori estimate of the generalization error bound is provided, revealing that a higher FP-norm of the target function increases the generalization error. Overall, by explicitizing the implicit bias of the F-Principle as an explicit penalty for two-layer NNs, our work makes a step towards a quantitative understanding of the learning and generalization of general DNNs. 

012__ Approximation Ratios of Graph Neural Networks for Combinatorial Problems__arXiv:1905.10261
Author: Ryoma Sato
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10261
 Abstract: In this paper, from a theoretical perspective, we study how powerful graph neural networks (GNNs) can be for learning approximation algorithms for combinatorial problems. To this end, we first establish a new class of GNNs that can solve strictly a wider variety of problems than existing GNNs. Then, we bridge the gap between GNN theory and the theory of distributed local algorithms to theoretically demonstrate that the most powerful GNN can learn approximation algorithms for the minimum dominating set problem and the minimum vertex cover problem with some approximation ratios and that no GNN can perform better than with these ratios. This paper is the first to elucidate approximation ratios of GNNs for combinatorial problems. Furthermore, we prove that adding coloring or weak-coloring to each node feature improves these approximation ratios. This indicates that preprocessing and feature engineering theoretically strengthen model capabilities. error here, check on website.

014__ Statistical embedding for directed graphs__arXiv:1905.10227
Author: Thorben Funke
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10227
 Abstract: We propose a novel statistical node embedding of directed graphs, which is based on a global minimization of pairwise relative entropy and graph geodesics in a non-linear way. Each node is encoded with a probability density function over a measurable real n-dimensional space. Furthermore, we analyze the connection to the geometrical properties of such embedding and characterize the curvature of the statistical manifolds. Extensive experiments show that our proposed embedding is better preserving the global geodesic information of graphs, as well as outperforming existing embedding models on directed graphs in a variety of evaluation metrics, in an unsupervised setting. 

015__ Semi-Supervised Classification on Non-Sparse Graphs Using Low-Rank Graph  Convolutional Networks__arXiv:1905.10224
Author: Dominik Alfke
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10224
 Abstract: Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have proven to be successful tools for semi-supervised learning on graph-based datasets. For sparse graphs, linear and polynomial filter functions have yielded impressive results. For large non-sparse graphs, however, network training and evaluation becomes prohibitively expensive. By introducing low-rank filters, we gain significant runtime acceleration and simultaneously improved accuracy. We further propose an architecture change mimicking techniques from Model Order Reduction in what we call a reduced-order GCN. Moreover, we present how our method can also be applied to hypergraph datasets and how hypergraph convolution can be implemented efficiently. 

016__ Partially Encrypted Machine Learning using Functional Encryption__arXiv:1905.10214
Author: Theo Ryffel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10214
 Abstract: Machine learning on encrypted data has received a lot of attention thanks to recent breakthroughs in homomorphic encryption and secure multi-party computation. It allows outsourcing computation to untrusted servers without sacrificing privacy of sensitive data. We propose a practical framework to perform partially encrypted and privacy-preserving predictions which combines adversarial training and functional encryption. We first present a new functional encryption scheme to efficiently compute quadratic functions so that the data owner controls what can be computed but is not involved in the calculation: it provides a decryption key which allows one to learn a specific function evaluation of some encrypted data. We then show how to use it in machine learning to partially encrypt neural networks with quadratic activation functions at evaluation time, and we provide a thorough analysis of the information leaks based on indistinguishability of data items of the same label. Last, since most encryption schemes cannot deal with the last thresholding operation used for classification, we propose a training method to prevent selected sensitive features from leaking, which adversarially optimizes the network against an adversary trying to identify these features. This is interesting for several existing works using partially encrypted machine learning as it comes with little reduction on the model's accuracy and significantly improves data privacy. 

017__ A New Framework to Validate Model Relevance__arXiv:1905.10201
Author: Jie M. Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10201
 Abstract: This paper introduces PMV (Perturbed Model Validation), a new technique to validate model relevance and detect overfitting or underfitting. PMV operates by injecting noise to the training data, re-training the model against the perturbed data, then using the training accuracy decrease rate to assess model relevance. A larger decrease rate indicates better concept-hypothesis fit. We realise PMV by using label flipping to inject noise, and evaluate it on four real-world datasets (breast cancer, adult, connect-4, and MNIST) and three synthetic datasets in the binary classification setting. The results reveal that PMV selects models more precisely and in a more stable way than cross-validation, and effectively detects both overfitting and underfitting. 

018__ Memorized Sparse Backpropagation__arXiv:1905.10194
Author: Zhiyuan Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10194
 Abstract: Neural network learning is typically slow since backpropagation needs to compute full gradients and backpropagate them across multiple layers. Despite its success of existing work in accelerating propagation through sparseness, the relevant theoretical characteristics remain unexplored and we empirically find that they suffer from the loss of information contained in unpropagated gradients. To tackle these problems, in this work, we present a unified sparse backpropagation framework and provide a detailed analysis of its theoretical characteristics. Analysis reveals that when applied to a multilayer perceptron, our framework essentially performs gradient descent using an estimated gradient similar enough to the true gradient, resulting in convergence in probability under certain conditions. Furthermore, a simple yet effective algorithm named memorized sparse backpropagation (MSBP) is proposed to remedy the problem of information loss by storing unpropagated gradients in memory for the next learning. The experiments demonstrate that the proposed MSBP is able to effectively alleviate the information loss in traditional sparse backpropagation while achieving comparable acceleration. 

019__ Generative adversarial network based on chaotic time series__arXiv:1905.10163
Author: Makoto Naruse
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10163
 Abstract: Generative adversarial network (GAN) is gaining increased importance in artificially constructing natural images and related functionalities wherein two networks called generator and discriminator are evolving through adversarial mechanisms. Using deep convolutional neural networks and related techniques, high-resolution, highly realistic scenes, human faces, among others have been generated. While GAN in general needs a large amount of genuine training data sets, it is noteworthy that vast amounts of pseudorandom numbers are required. Here we utilize chaotic time series generated experimentally by semiconductor lasers for the latent variables of GAN whereby the inherent nature of chaos can be reflected or transformed into the generated output data. We show that the similarity in proximity, which is a degree of robustness of the generated images with respects to a minute change in the input latent variables, is enhanced while the versatility as a whole is not severely degraded. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the surrogate chaos time series eliminates the signature of generated images that is originally observed corresponding to the negative autocorrelation inherent in the chaos sequence. We also discuss the impact of utilizing chaotic time series in retrieving images from the trained generator. 

020__ Optimizing Shallow Networks for Binary Classification__arXiv:1905.10161
Author: Kalliopi Basioti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10161
 Abstract: Data driven classification that relies on neural networks is based on optimization criteria that involve some form of distance between the output of the network and the desired label. Using the same mathematical mathematical analysis, for a multitude of such measures, we can show that their optimum solution matches the ideal likelihood ratio test classifier. In this work we introduce a different family of optimization problems which is not covered by the existing approaches and, therefore, opens possibilities for new training algorithms for neural network based classification. We give examples that lead to algorithms that are simple in implementation, exhibit stable convergence characteristics and are antagonistic to the most popular existing techniques. 

021__ On the Learning Dynamics of Two-layer Nonlinear Convolutional Neural  Networks__arXiv:1905.10157
Author: Bing Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10157
 Abstract: Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved remarkable performance in various fields, particularly in the domain of computer vision. However, why this architecture works well remains to be a mystery. In this work we move a small step toward understanding the success of CNNs by investigating the learning dynamics of a two-layer nonlinear convolutional neural network over some specific data distributions. Rather than the typical Gaussian assumption for input data distribution, we consider a more realistic setting that each data point (e.g. image) contains a specific pattern determining its class label. Within this setting, we both theoretically and empirically show that some convolutional filters will learn the key patterns in data and the norm of these filters will dominate during the training process with stochastic gradient descent. And with any high probability, when the number of iterations is sufficiently large, the CNN model could obtain 100% accuracy over the considered data distributions. Our experiments demonstrate that for practical image classification tasks our findings still hold to some extent. 

022__ Learning Low-Rank Approximation for CNNs__arXiv:1905.10145
Author: Dongsoo Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10145
 Abstract: Low-rank approximation is an effective model compression technique to not only reduce parameter storage requirements, but to also reduce computations. For convolutional neural networks (CNNs), however, well-known low-rank approximation methods, such as Tucker or CP decomposition, result in degraded model accuracy because decomposed layers hinder training convergence. In this paper, we propose a new training technique that finds a flat minimum in the view of low-rank approximation without a decomposed structure during training. By preserving the original model structure, 2-dimensional low-rank approximation demanding lowering (such as im2col) is available in our proposed scheme. We show that CNN models can be compressed by low-rank approximation with much higher compression ratio than conventional training methods while maintaining or even enhancing model accuracy. We also discuss various 2-dimensional low-rank approximation techniques for CNNs. 

023__ Adaptive Symmetric Reward Noising for Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.10144
Author: Refael Vivanti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10144
 Abstract: Recent reinforcement learning algorithms, though achieving impressive results in various fields, suffer from brittle training effects such as regression in results and high sensitivity to initialization and parameters. We claim that some of the brittleness stems from variance differences, i.e. when different environment areas - states and/or actions - have different rewards variance. This causes two problems: First, the "Boring Areas Trap" in algorithms such as Q-learning, where moving between areas depends on the current area variance, and getting out of a boring area is hard due to its low variance. Second, the "Manipulative Consultant" problem, when value-estimation functions used in DQN and Actor-Critic algorithms influence the agent to prefer boring areas, regardless of the mean rewards return, as they maximize estimation precision rather than rewards. This sheds a new light on how exploration contribute to training, as it helps with both challenges. Cognitive experiments in humans showed that noised reward signals may paradoxically improve performance. We explain this using the two mentioned problems, claiming that both humans and algorithms may share similar challenges. Inspired by this result, we propose the Adaptive Symmetric Reward Noising (ASRN), by which we mean adding Gaussian noise to rewards according to their states' estimated variance, thus avoiding the two problems while not affecting the environment's mean rewards behavior. We conduct our experiments in a Multi Armed Bandit problem with variance differences. We demonstrate that a Q-learning algorithm shows the brittleness effect in this problem, and that the ASRN scheme can dramatically improve the results. We show that ASRN helps a DQN algorithm training process reach better results in an end to end autonomous driving task using the AirSim driving simulator. 

024__ Accelerated Training of Capsule Nets through Lightweight  Software Optimizations__arXiv:1905.10142
Author: Alberto Marchisio
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10142
 Abstract: Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are extensively in use due to their excellent results in various machine learning (ML) tasks like image classification and object detection. Recently, Capsule Networks (CapsNets) have shown improved performances compared to the traditional CNNs, by encoding and preserving spatial relationships between the detected features in a better way. This is achieved through the so-called Capsules (i.e., groups of neurons) that encode both the instantiation probability and the spatial information. However, one of the major hurdles in the wide adoption of CapsNets is its gigantic training time, which is primarily due to the relatively higher complexity of its constituting elements. In this paper, we illustrate how can we devise new optimizations in the training process to achieve fast training of CapsNets, and if such optimizations affect the network accuracy or not. Towards this, we propose a novel framework "X-TrainCaps" that employs lightweight software-level optimizations, including a novel learning rate policy called WarmAdaBatch that jointly performs warm restarts and adaptive batch size, as well as weight sharing for capsule layers to reduce the hardware requirements of CapsNets by removing unused/redundant connections and capsules, while keeping high accuracy through tests of different learning rate policies and batch sizes. We demonstrate that one of the solutions generated by X-TrainCaps framework can achieve 58.6% training time reduction while preserving the accuracy (even 0.9% accuracy improvement), compared to the CapsNet in the original paper by Sabour et al. (2017), while other Pareto-optimal solutions can be leveraged to realize trade-offs between training time and achieved accuracy. 

025__ Structured Compression by Unstructured Pruning for Sparse Quantized  Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.10138
Author: Se Jung Kwon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10138
 Abstract: Model compression techniques, such as pruning and quantization, are becoming increasingly important to reduce the memory footprints and the amount of computations. Despite model size reduction, achieving performance enhancement on devices is, however, still challenging mainly due to the irregular representations of sparse matrix formats. This paper proposes a new representation to encode the weights of Sparse Quantized Neural Networks, specifically reduced by find-grained and unstructured pruning method. The representation is encoded in a structured regular format, which can be efficiently decoded through XOR gates during inference in a parallel manner. We demonstrate various deep learning models that can be compressed and represented by our proposed format with fixed and high compression ratio. For example, for fully-connected layers of AlexNet on ImageNet dataset, we can represent the sparse weights by only 0.09 bits/weight for 1-bit quantization and 91\% pruning rate with a fixed decoding rate and full memory bandwidth usage. 

026__ Multi-Kernel Correntropy for Robust Learning__arXiv:1905.10115
Author: Badong Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10115
 Abstract: As a novel similarity measure that is defined as the expectation of a kernel function between two random variables, correntropy has been successfully applied in robust machine learning and signal processing to combat large outliers. The kernel function in correntropy is usually a zero-mean Gaussian kernel. In a recent work, the concept of mixture correntropy (MC) was proposed to improve the learning performance, where the kernel function is a mixture Gaussian kernel, namely a linear combination of several zero-mean Gaussian kernels with different widths. In both correntropy and mixture correntropy, the center of the kernel function is, however, always located at zero. In the present work, to further improve the learning performance, we propose the concept of multi-kernel correntropy (MKC), in which each component of the mixture Gaussian kernel can be centered at a different location. The properties of the MKC are investigated and an efficient approach is proposed to determine the free parameters in MKC. Experimental results show that the learning algorithms under the maximum multi-kernel correntropy criterion (MMKCC) can outperform those under the original maximum correntropy criterion (MCC) and the maximum mixture correntropy criterion (MMCC). 

027__ Continual Reinforcement Learning in 3D Non-stationary Environments__arXiv:1905.10112
Author: Vincenzo Lomonaco
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10112
 Abstract: High-dimensional always-changing environments constitute a hard challenge for current reinforcement learning techniques. Artificial agents, nowadays, are often trained off-line in very static and controlled conditions in simulation such that training observations can be thought as sampled i.i.d. from the entire observations space. However, in real world settings, the environment is often non-stationary and subject to unpredictable, frequent changes. In this paper we propose and openly release CRLMaze, a new benchmark for learning continually through reinforcement in a complex 3D non-stationary task based on ViZDoom and subject to several environmental changes. Then, we introduce an end-to-end model-free continual reinforcement learning strategy showing competitive results with respect to four different baselines and not requiring any access to additional supervised signals, previously encountered environmental conditions or observations. 

028__ Learning Surrogate Losses__arXiv:1905.10108
Author: Josif Grabocka
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10108
 Abstract: The minimization of loss functions is the heart and soul of Machine Learning. In this paper, we propose an off-the-shelf optimization approach that can minimize virtually any non-differentiable and non-decomposable loss function (e.g. Miss-classification Rate, AUC, F1, Jaccard Index, Mathew Correlation Coefficient, etc.) seamlessly. Our strategy learns smooth relaxation versions of the true losses by approximating them through a surrogate neural network. The proposed loss networks are set-wise models which are invariant to the order of mini-batch instances. Ultimately, the surrogate losses are learned jointly with the prediction model via bilevel optimization. Empirical results on multiple datasets with diverse real-life loss functions compared with state-of-the-art baselines demonstrate the efficiency of learning surrogate losses. 

029__ Highest Density Interval Regression Forest__arXiv:1905.10101
Author: Lin Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10101
 Abstract: By seeking the narrowest prediction intervals (PIs) that satisfy the specified coverage probability requirements, the recently proposed quality-based PI learning principle can extract high-quality PIs that better summarize the predictive certainty in regression tasks, and has been widely applied to solve many practical problems. Currently, the state-of-the-art quality-based PI estimation methods are based on deep neural networks or linear models. In this paper, we propose Highest Density Interval Regression Forest (HDI-Forest), a novel quality-based PI estimation method that is instead based on Random Forest. HDI-Forest does not require additional model training, and directly reuses the trees learned in a standard Random Forest model. By utilizing the special properties of Random Forest, HDI-Forest could efficiently and more directly optimize the PI quality metrics. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets show that HDI-Forest significantly outperforms previous approaches, reducing the average PI width by over 30\% while achieving the same or better coverage probability. 

030__ Building Transport Plans that are Optimal on Subspace  Projections__arXiv:1905.10099
Author: Boris Muzellec
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10099
 Abstract: Sliced Wasserstein metrics between probability measures solve the optimal transport (OT) problem on univariate projections, and average such maps across projections. The recent interest for the SW distance shows that much can be gained by looking at optimal maps between measures in smaller subspaces, as opposed to the curse-of-dimensionality price one has to pay in higher dimensions. Any transport estimated in a subspace remains, however, an object that can only be used in that subspace. We propose in this work two methods to extrapolate, from an transport map that is optimal on a subspace, one that is nearly optimal in the entire space. We prove that the best optimal transport plan that takes such "subspace detours" is a generalization of the Knothe-Rosenblatt transport. We show that these plans can be explicitly formulated when comparing Gaussians measures (between which the Wasserstein distance is usually referred to as the Bures or Fr\'echet distance). Building from there, we provide an algorithm to select optimal subspaces given pairs of Gaussian measures, and study scenarios in which that mediating subspace can be selected using prior information. We consider applications to NLP and evaluation of image quality (FID scores). 

031__ Learning Cross-Domain Representation with Multi-Graph Neural Network__arXiv:1905.10095
Author: Yi Ouyang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10095
 Abstract: Learning effective embedding has been proved to be useful in many real-world problems, such as recommender systems, search ranking and online advertisement. However, one of the challenges is data sparsity in learning large-scale item embedding, as users' historical behavior data are usually lacking or insufficient in an individual domain. In fact, user's behaviors from different domains regarding the same items are usually relevant. Therefore, we can learn complete user behaviors to alleviate the sparsity using complementary information from correlated domains. It is intuitive to model users' behaviors using graph, and graph neural networks (GNNs) have recently shown the great power for representation learning, which can be used to learn item embedding. However, it is challenging to transfer the information across domains and learn cross-domain representation using the existing GNNs. To address these challenges, in this paper, we propose a novel model - Deep Multi-Graph Embedding (DMGE) to learn cross-domain representation. Specifically, we first construct a multi-graph based on users' behaviors from different domains, and then propose a multi-graph neural network to learn cross-domain representation in an unsupervised manner. Particularly, we present a multiple-gradient descent optimizer for efficiently training the model. We evaluate our approach on various large-scale real-world datasets, and the experimental results show that DMGE outperforms other state-of-art embedding methods in various tasks. 

032__ Deep Model Predictive Control with Online Learning for Complex Physical  Systems__arXiv:1905.10094
Author: Katharina Bieker
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10094
 Abstract: The control of complex systems is of critical importance in many branches of science, engineering, and industry. Controlling an unsteady fluid flow is particularly important, as flow control is a key enabler for technologies in energy (e.g., wind, tidal, and combustion), transportation (e.g., planes, trains, and automobiles), security (e.g., tracking airborne contamination), and health (e.g., artificial hearts and artificial respiration). However, the high-dimensional, nonlinear, and multi-scale dynamics make real-time feedback control infeasible. Fortunately, these high-dimensional systems exhibit dominant, low-dimensional patterns of activity that can be exploited for effective control in the sense that knowledge of the entire state of a system is not required. Advances in machine learning have the potential to revolutionize flow control given its ability to extract principled, low-rank feature spaces characterizing such complex systems. We present a novel deep learning model predictive control (DeepMPC) framework that exploits low-rank features of the flow in order to achieve considerable improvements to control performance. Instead of predicting the entire fluid state, we use a recurrent neural network (RNN) to accurately predict the control relevant quantities of the system. The RNN is then embedded into a MPC framework to construct a feedback loop, and incoming sensor data is used to perform online updates to improve prediction accuracy. The results are validated using varying fluid flow examples of increasing complexity. 

033__ Complementary t-SNE embeddings through factoring out  prior information__arXiv:1905.10086
Author: Bo Kang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10086
 Abstract: Dimensionality reduction and manifold learning methods such as t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE) are routinely used to map high-dimensional data into a 2-dimensional space to visualize and explore the data. However, two dimensions are typically insufficient to capture all structure in the data, the salient structure is often already known, and it is not obvious how to extract the remaining information in a similarly effective manner. To fill this gap, we introduce \emph{conditional t-SNE} (ct-SNE), a generalization of t-SNE that discounts prior information from the embedding in the form of labels. To achieve this, we propose a conditioned version of the t-SNE objective, obtaining a single, integrated, and elegant method. ct-SNE has one extra parameter over t-SNE; we investigate its effects and show how to efficiently optimize the objective. Factoring out prior knowledge allows complementary structure to be captured in the embedding, providing new insights. Qualitative and quantitative empirical results on synthetic and (large) real data show ct-SNE is effective and achieves its goal. 

034__ Learning Objective Functions Using Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.10079
Author: Younghan Jeon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10079
 Abstract: Mathematical optimization is widely used in various research fields. With a carefully-designed objective function, mathematical optimization can be quite helpful in solving many problems. However, objective functions are usually hand-crafted and designing a good one can be quite challenging. In this paper, we propose a novel framework to learn the objective function based on a neural net-work. The basic idea is to consider the neural network as an objective function, and the input as an optimization variable. For the learning of objective function from the training data, two processes are conducted: In the inner process, the optimization variable (the input of the network) are optimized to minimize the objective function (the network output), while fixing the network weights. In the outer process, on the other hand, the weights are optimized based on how close the final solution of the inner process is to the desired solution. After learning the objective function, the solution for the test set is obtained in the same manner of the inner process. The potential and applicability of our approach are demonstrated by the experiments on toy examples and a computer vision task, optical flow. 

035__ Training decision trees as replacement for convolution layers__arXiv:1905.10073
Author: Wolfgang Fuhl
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10073
 Abstract: We present an alternative layer to convolution layers in convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Our approach reduces the complexity of convolutions by replacing it with binary decisions. Those binary decisions are used as indexes to conditional probability distributions where each probability represents a leaf in a decision tree. This means that only the indices to the probabilities need to be determined once, thus reducing the complexity of convolutions by the depth of the output tensor. Index computation is performed by simple binary decisions that require fewer CPU cycles compared to conventionally used multiplications. In addition, we show how convolutions can be replaced by binary decisions. These binary decisions form indices in the conditional probability distributions and we show how they are used to replace 2D weight matrices as well as 3D weight tensors. These new layers can be trained like convolution layers in CNNs based on the backpropagation algorithm, for which we provide a formalization. Our results on multiple publicly available data sets show that our approach outperforms conventional CNNs. Beyond the formalized reduction of complexity and the improved qualitative performance, we show empirically a significant runtime improvement compared to convolution layers. 

036__ Exploration via Flow-Based Intrinsic Rewards__arXiv:1905.10071
Author: Hsuan-Kung Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10071
 Abstract: Exploration bonuses derived from the novelty of observations in an environment have become a popular approach to motivate exploration for reinforcement learning (RL) agents in the past few years. Recent methods such as curiosity-driven exploration usually estimate the novelty of new observations by the prediction errors of their system dynamics models. In this paper, we introduce the concept of optical flow estimation from the field of computer vision to the RL domain and utilize the errors from optical flow estimation to evaluate the novelty of new observations. We introduce a flow-based intrinsic curiosity module (FICM) capable of learning the motion features and understanding the observations in a more comprehensive and efficient fashion. We evaluate our method and compare it with a number of baselines on several benchmark environments, including Atari games, Super Mario Bros., and ViZDoom. Our results show that the proposed method is superior to the baselines in certain environments, especially for those featuring sophisticated moving patterns or with high-dimensional observation spaces. We further analyze the hyper-parameters used in the training phase and discuss our insights into them. 

037__ Label-aware Document Representation via Hybrid Attention for Extreme  Multi-Label Text Classification__arXiv:1905.10070
Author: Xin Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10070
 Abstract: Extreme multi-label text classification (XMTC) aims at tagging a document with most relevant labels from an extremely large-scale label set. It is a challenging problem especially for the tail labels because there are only few training documents to build classifier. This paper is motivated to better explore the semantic relationship between each document and extreme labels by taking advantage of both document content and label correlation. Our objective is to establish an explicit label-aware representation for each document with a hybrid attention deep neural network model(LAHA). LAHA consists of three parts. The first part adopts a multi-label self-attention mechanism to detect the contribution of each word to labels. The second part exploits the label structure and document content to determine the semantic connection between words and labels in a same latent space. An adaptive fusion strategy is designed in the third part to obtain the final label-aware document representation so that the essence of previous two parts can be sufficiently integrated. Extensive experiments have been conducted on six benchmark datasets by comparing with the state-of-the-art methods. The results show the superiority of our proposed LAHA method, especially on the tail labels. 

038__ Spatial-temporal Graph to Sequence Model for Multi-step  Passenger Demand Forecasting__arXiv:1905.10069
Author: Lei Bai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10069
 Abstract: Multi-step passenger demand forecasting is a crucial task in on-demand vehicle sharing services. However, predicting passenger demand over multiple time horizons is generally challenging due to the nonlinear and dynamic spatial-temporal dependencies. In this work, we propose to model multi-step citywide passenger demand prediction based on a graph and use a hierarchical graph convolutional structure to capture both spatial and temporal correlations simultaneously. Our model consists of three parts: 1) a long-term encoder to encode historical passenger demands; 2) a short-term encoder to derive the next-step prediction for generating multi-step prediction; 3) an attention-based output module to model the dynamic temporal and channel-wise information. Experiments on three real-world datasets show that our model consistently outperforms many baseline methods and state-of-the-art models. 

039__ Federated Forest__arXiv:1905.10053
Author: Yang Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10053
 Abstract: Most real-world data are scattered across different companies or government organizations, and cannot be easily integrated under data privacy and related regulations such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and China' Cyber Security Law. Such data islands situation and data privacy & security are two major challenges for applications of artificial intelligence. In this paper, we tackle these challenges and propose a privacy-preserving machine learning model, called Federated Forest, which is a lossless learning model of the traditional random forest method, i.e., achieving the same level of accuracy as the non-privacy-preserving approach. Based on it, we developed a secure cross-regional machine learning system that allows a learning process to be jointly trained over different regions' clients with the same user samples but different attribute sets, processing the data stored in each of them without exchanging their raw data. A novel prediction algorithm was also proposed which could largely reduce the communication overhead. Experiments on both real-world and UCI data sets demonstrate the performance of the Federated Forest is as accurate as the non-federated version. The efficiency and robustness of our proposed system had been verified. Overall, our model is practical, scalable and extensible for real-life tasks. 

040__ Robust Learning and Generalization against Label  Corruption__arXiv:1905.10045
Author: Yueming Lyu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10045
 Abstract: Generalization is vital important for many deep network models. It becomes more challenging when high robustness is required for learning with noisy labels. The 0-1 loss has monotonic relationship between empirical adversary (reweighted) risk, and it is robust to outliers. However, it is also difficult to optimize. To efficiently optimize 0-1 loss while keeping its robust properties, we propose a very simple and efficient loss, i.e. curriculum loss (CL). Our CL is a tighter upper bound of the 0-1 loss compared with conventional summation based surrogate losses. Moreover, CL can adaptively select samples for training as a curriculum learning. To handle large rate of noisy label corruption, we extend our curriculum loss to a more general form that can automatically prune the estimated noisy samples during training. Experimental results on noisy MNIST, CIFAR10 and CIFAR100 dataset validate the robustness of the proposed loss. 

041__ Efficient Batch Black-box Optimization with Deterministic Regret Bounds__arXiv:1905.10041
Author: Yueming Lyu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10041
 Abstract: In this work, we investigate black-box optimization from the perspective of frequentist kernel methods. We propose a novel batch optimization algorithm to jointly maximize the acquisition function and select points from a whole batch in a holistic way. Theoretically, we derive regret bounds for both the noise-free and perturbation settings. Moreover, we analyze the property of the adversarial regret that is required by robust initialization for Bayesian Optimization (BO), and prove that the adversarial regret bounds decrease with the decrease of covering radius, which provides a criterion for generating (initialization point set) to minimize the bound. We then propose fast searching algorithms to generate a point set with a small covering radius for the robust initialization. Experimental results on both synthetic benchmark problems and real-world problems show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms. 

042__ Power up! Robust Graph Convolutional Network against Evasion Attacks  based on Graph Powering__arXiv:1905.10029
Author: Ming Jin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10029
 Abstract: Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) are powerful tools for graph-structured data. However, they have been recently shown to be prone to topological attacks. Despite substantial efforts to search for new architectures, it still remains a challenge to improve performance in both benign and adversarial situations simultaneously. In this paper, we re-examine the fundamental building block of GCN---the Laplacian operator---and highlight some basic flaws in the spatial and spectral domains. As an alternative, we propose an operator based on graph powering, and prove that it enjoys a desirable property of "spectral separation." Based on the operator, we propose a robust learning paradigm, where the network is trained on a family of "'smoothed" graphs that span a spatial and spectral range for generalizability. We also use the new operator in replacement of the classical Laplacian to construct an architecture with improved spectral robustness, expressivity and interpretability. The enhanced performance and robustness are demonstrated in extensive experiments. 

043__ Neural Temporal-Difference Learning Converges to Global Optima__arXiv:1905.10027
Author: Qi Cai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10027
 Abstract: Temporal-difference learning (TD), coupled with neural networks, is among the most fundamental building blocks of deep reinforcement learning. However, due to the nonlinearity in value function approximation, such a coupling leads to nonconvexity and even divergence in optimization. As a result, the global convergence of neural TD remains unclear. In this paper, we prove for the first time that neural TD converges at a sublinear rate to the global optimum of the mean-squared projected Bellman error for policy evaluation. In particular, we show how such global convergence is enabled by the overparametrization of neural networks, which also plays a vital role in the empirical success of neural TD. Beyond policy evaluation, we establish the global convergence of neural (soft) Q-learning, which is further connected to that of policy gradient algorithms. 

044__ Momentum-Based Variance Reduction in Non-Convex SGD__arXiv:1905.10018
Author: Ashok Cutkosky
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10018
 Abstract: Variance reduction has emerged in recent years as a strong competitor to stochastic gradient descent in non-convex problems, providing the first algorithms to improve upon the converge rate of stochastic gradient descent for finding first-order critical points. However, variance reduction techniques typically require carefully tuned learning rates and willingness to use excessively large "mega-batches" in order to achieve their improved results. We present a new variance reduction algorithm, STORM, that does not require any batches and makes use of adaptive learning rates, enabling simpler implementation and less tuning of hyperparameters. Our technique for removing the batches uses a variant of momentum to achieve variance reduction in non-convex optimization. On smooth losses $F$, STORM finds a point $\boldsymbol{x}$ with $\mathbb{E}[\|\nabla F(\boldsymbol{x})\|]\le O(1/\sqrt{T}+\sigma^{1/3}/T^{1/3})$ in $T$ iterations with $\sigma^2$ variance in the gradients, matching the optimal rate but without requiring knowledge of $\sigma$. 

045__ A Micro-Objective Perspective__arXiv:1905.10016
Author: Changjian Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10016
 Abstract: The standard reinforcement learning (RL) formulation considers the expectation of the (discounted) cumulative reward. This is limiting in applications where we are concerned with not only the expected performance, but also the distribution of the performance. In this paper, we introduce micro-objective reinforcement learning --- an alternative RL formalism that overcomes this issue. In this new formulation, a RL task is specified by a set of micro-objectives, which are constructs that specify the desirability or undesirability of events. In addition, micro-objectives allow prior knowledge in the form of temporal abstraction to be incorporated into the global RL objective. The generality of this formalism, and its relations to single/multi-objective RL, and hierarchical RL are discussed. 

046__ nonlinear group-feature selection with deep neural network__arXiv:1905.10013
Author: Guangyu Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10013
 Abstract: Feature selection is central to contemporary high-dimensional data analysis. Grouping structure among features arises naturally in various scientific problems. Many methods have been proposed to incorporate the grouping structure information into feature selection. However, these methods are normally restricted to a linear regression setting. To relax the linear constraint, we combine the deep neural networks (DNNs) with the recent Knockoffs technique, which has been successful in an individual feature selection context. We propose Deep-gKnock (Deep group-feature selection using Knockoffs) as a methodology for model interpretation and dimension reduction. Deep-gKnock performs model-free group-feature selection by controlling group-wise False Discovery Rate (gFDR). Our method improves the interpretability and reproducibility of DNNs. Experimental results on both synthetic and real data demonstrate that our method achieves superior power and accurate gFDR control compared with state-of-the-art methods. 

047__ Feature Leveling Deep Neural Networks for  Better Interpretation__arXiv:1905.10009
Author: Yingjing Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10009
 Abstract: Self-explaining models are models that reveal decision making parameters in an interpretable manner so that the model reasoning process can be directly understood by human beings. General Linear Models (GLMs) are self-explaining because the model weights directly show how each feature contribute to the output value. However, deep neural networks (DNNs) are in general not self-explaining due to the non-linearity of the activation functions, complex architectures, obscure feature extraction and transformation process. In this work, we illustrate the fact that existing deep architectures are hard to interpret because each hidden layer carries a mix of high level features and low level features. As a solution, we propose a novel feature leveling architecture that isolates low level features from high level features on a per-layer basis to better utilize the GLM layer in the proposed architecture for interpretation. Experimental results show that our modified models are able to achieve competitive results comparing to main-stream architectures on standard datasets while being more self-explaining. Our implementations and configurations are publicly available for reproductions. 

048__ Graph Representations for Higher-Order Logic and Theorem Proving__arXiv:1905.10006
Author: Aditya Paliwal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10006
 Abstract: This paper presents the first use of graph neural networks (GNNs) for higher-order proof search and demonstrates that GNNs can improve upon state-of-the-art results in this domain. Interactive, higher-order theorem provers allow for the formalization of most mathematical theories and have been shown to pose a significant challenge for deep learning. Higher-order logic is highly expressive and, even though it is well-structured with a clearly defined grammar and semantics, there still remains no well-established method to convert formulas into graph-based representations. In this paper, we consider several graphical representations of higher-order logic and evaluate them against the HOList benchmark for higher-order theorem proving. 

049__ Interpolation, Line-Search, and  Convergence Rates__arXiv:1905.09997
Author: Sharan Vaswani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09997
 Abstract: Recent works have shown that stochastic gradient descent (SGD) achieves the fast convergence rates of full-batch gradient descent for over-parameterized models satisfying certain interpolation conditions. However, the step-size used in these works depends on unknown quantities, and SGD's practical performance heavily relies on the choice of the step-size. We propose to use line-search methods to automatically set the step-size when training models that can interpolate the data. We prove that SGD with the classic Armijo line-search attains the fast convergence rates of full-batch gradient descent in convex and strongly-convex settings. We also show that under additional assumptions, SGD with a modified line-search can attain a fast rate of convergence for non-convex functions. Furthermore, we show that a stochastic extra-gradient method with a Lipschitz line-search attains a fast convergence rate for an important class of non-convex functions and saddle-point problems satisfying interpolation. We then give heuristics to use larger step-sizes and acceleration with our line-search techniques. We compare the proposed algorithms against numerous optimization methods for standard classification tasks using both kernel methods and deep networks. The proposed methods are robust and result in competitive performance across all models and datasets. Moreover, for the deep network models, SGD with our line-search results in both faster convergence and better generalization. 

050__ Beyond  Correlation Decay__arXiv:1905.09992
Author: Frederic Koehler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09992
 Abstract: Belief propagation is a fundamental message-passing algorithm for probabilistic reasoning and inference in graphical models. While it is known to be exact on trees, in most applications belief propagation is run on graphs with cycles. Understanding the behavior of "loopy" belief propagation has been a major challenge for researchers in machine learning, and positive convergence results for BP are known under strong assumptions which imply the underlying graphical model exhibits decay of correlations. We show that under a natural initialization, BP converges quickly to the global optimum of the Bethe free energy for Ising models on arbitrary graphs, as long as the Ising model is \emph{ferromagnetic} (i.e. neighbors prefer to be aligned). This holds even though such models can exhibit long range correlations and may have multiple suboptimal BP fixed points. We also show an analogous result for iterating the (naive) mean-field equations; perhaps surprisingly, both results are dimension-free in the sense that a constant number of iterations already provides a good estimate to the Bethe/mean-field free energy. 

051__ Learning Mahalanobis Metric Spaces via Geometric Approximation  Algorithms__arXiv:1905.09989
Author: Diego Ihara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09989
 Abstract: Learning Mahalanobis metric spaces is an important problem that has found numerous applications. Several algorithms have been designed for this problem, including Information Theoretic Metric Learning (ITML) by [Davis et al. 2007] and Large Margin Nearest Neighbor (LMNN) classification by [Weinberger and Saul 2009]. We consider a formulation of Mahalanobis metric learning as an optimization problem, where the objective is to minimize the number of violated similarity/dissimilarity constraints. We show that for any fixed ambient dimension, there exists a fully polynomial-time approximation scheme (FPTAS) with nearlylinear running time. This result is obtained using tools from the theory of linear programming in low dimensions. We also discuss improvements of the algorithm in practice, and present experimental results on synthetic and real-world data sets. 

052__ Hypothesis Testing Interpretations and Renyi Differential Privacy__arXiv:1905.09982
Author: Borja Balle
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09982
 Abstract: Differential privacy is the gold standard in data privacy, with applications in the public and private sectors. While differential privacy is a formal mathematical definition from the theoretical computer science literature, it is also understood by statisticians and data experts thanks to its hypothesis testing interpretation. This informally says that one cannot effectively test whether a specific individual has contributed her data by observing the output of a private mechanism---any test cannot have both high significance and high power. In this paper, we show that recently proposed relaxations of differential privacy based on R\'enyi divergence do not enjoy a similar interpretation. Specifically, we introduce the notion of $k$-generatedness for an arbitrary divergence, where the parameter $k$ captures the hypothesis testing complexity of the divergence. We show that the divergence used for differential privacy is 2-generated, and hence it satisfies the hypothesis testing interpretation. In contrast, R\'enyi divergence is only $\infty$-generated, and hence has no hypothesis testing interpretation. We also show sufficient conditions for general divergences to be $k$-generated. 

053__ Generative Adversarial Networks for Mitigating Biases in Machine  Learning Systems__arXiv:1905.09972
Author: Adel Abusitta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09972
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a new framework for mitigating biases in machine learning systems. The problem of the existing mitigation approaches is that they are model-oriented in the sense that they focus on tuning the training algorithms to produce fair results, while overlooking the fact that the training data can itself be the main reason for biased outcomes. Technically speaking, two essential limitations can be found in such model-based approaches: 1) the mitigation cannot be achieved without degrading the accuracy of the machine learning models, and 2) when the data used for training are largely biased, the training time automatically increases so as to find suitable learning parameters that help produce fair results. To address these shortcomings, we propose in this work a new framework that can largely mitigate the biases and discriminations in machine learning systems while at the same time enhancing the prediction accuracy of these systems. The proposed framework is based on conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGANs), which are used to generate new synthetic fair data with selective properties from the original data. We also propose a framework for analyzing data biases, which is important for understanding the amount and type of data that need to be synthetically sampled and labeled for each population group. Experimental results show that the proposed solution can efficiently mitigate different types of biases, while at the same time enhancing the prediction accuracy of the underlying machine learning model. 

054__ Robust Attribution Regularization__arXiv:1905.09957
Author: Jiefeng Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09957
 Abstract: An emerging problem in trustworthy machine learning is to train models that produce robust interpretations for their predictions. We take a step towards solving this problem through the lens of axiomatic attribution of neural networks. Our theory is grounded in the recent work, Integrated Gradients (IG), in axiomatically attributing a neural network's output change to its input change. We propose training objectives in classic robust optimization models to achieve robust IG attributions. Our objectives give principled generalizations of previous objectives designed for robust predictions, and they naturally degenerate to classic soft-margin training for one-layer neural networks. We also generalize previous theory and prove that the objectives for different robust optimization models are closely related. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our method, and also point to intriguing problems which hint at the need for better optimization techniques or better neural network architectures for robust attribution training. 

055__ PAC Guarantees for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning with Restricted  Communication__arXiv:1905.09951
Author: Or Raveh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09951
 Abstract: We develop model free PAC performance guarantees for multiple concurrent MDPs, extending recent works where a single learner interacts with multiple non-interacting agents in a noise free environment. Our framework allows noisy and resource limited communication between agents, and develops novel PAC guarantees in this extended setting. By allowing communication between the agents themselves, we suggest improved PAC-exploration algorithms that can overcome the communication noise and lead to improved sample complexity bounds. We provide a theoretically motivated algorithm that optimally combines information from the resource limited agents, thereby analyzing the interaction between noise and communication constraints that are ubiquitous in real-world systems. We present empirical results for a simple task that supports our theoretical formulations and improve upon naive information fusion methods. 

056__ Toward more flexible deep-learning models__arXiv:1905.09950
Author: Andrew K. Lampinen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09950
 Abstract: How can deep learning systems flexibly reuse their knowledge? Toward this goal, we propose a new class of challenges, and a class of architectures that can solve them. The challenges are meta-mappings, which involve systematically transforming task behaviors to adapt to new tasks zero-shot. We suggest that the key to achieving these challenges is representing the task being performed along with the computations used to perform it. We therefore draw inspiration from meta-learning and functional programming to propose a class of Embedded Meta-Learning (EML) architectures that represent both data and tasks in a shared latent space. EML architectures are applicable to any type of machine learning task, including supervised learning and reinforcement learning. We demonstrate the flexibility of these architectures by showing that they can perform meta-mappings, i.e. that they can exhibit zero-shot remapping of behavior to adapt to new tasks. 

057__ Neural Approximate Parsing for Automated Student  Feedback__arXiv:1905.09916
Author: Ali Malik
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09916
 Abstract: Open access to high-quality education is limited by the difficulty of providing student feedback. In this paper, we present Generative Grading with Neural Approximate Parsing (GG-NAP): a novel approach for providing feedback at scale that is capable of both accurately grading student work while also providing verifiability--a property where the model is able to substantiate its claims with a provable certificate. Our approach uses generative descriptions of student cognition, written as probabilistic programs, to synthesise millions of labelled example solutions to a problem; it then trains inference networks to approximately parse real student solutions according to these generative models. We achieve feedback prediction accuracy comparable to professional human experts in a variety of settings: short-answer questions, programs with graphical output, block-based programming, and short Java programs. In a real classroom, we ran an experiment where humans used GG-NAP to grade, yielding doubled grading accuracy while halving grading time. 

058__ Where to Find Next Passengers on E-hailing Platforms? - A Markov  Decision Process Approach__arXiv:1905.09906
Author: Zhenyu Shou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09906
 Abstract: Vacant taxi drivers' passenger seeking process in a road network generates additional vehicle miles traveled, adding congestion and pollution into the road network and the environment. This paper aims to employ a Markov Decision Process (MDP) to model idle e-hailing drivers' optimal sequential decisions in passenger-seeking. Transportation network companies (TNC) or e-hailing (e.g., Didi, Uber) drivers exhibit different behaviors from traditional taxi drivers because e-hailing drivers do not need to actually search for passengers. Instead, they reposition themselves so that the matching platform can match a passenger. Accordingly, we incorporate e-hailing drivers' new features into our MDP model. We then use 44,160 Didi drivers' 3-day trajectories to train the model. To validate the effectiveness of the model, a Monte Carlo simulation is conducted to simulate the performance of drivers under the guidance of the optimal policy, which is then compared with the performance of drivers following one baseline heuristic, namely, the local hotspot strategy. The results show that our model is able to achieve a 26% improvement over the local hotspot strategy in terms of the rate of return. The proposed MDP model captures the supply-demand ratio considering the fact that the number of drivers in this study is sufficiently large and thus the number of unmatched orders is assumed to be negligible. To better incorporate the competition among multiple drivers into the model, we have also devised and calibrated a dynamic adjustment strategy of the order matching probability. 

059__ Neural ODEs with stochastic vector field mixtures__arXiv:1905.09905
Author: Niall Twomey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09905
 Abstract: It was recently shown that neural ordinary differential equation models cannot solve fundamental and seemingly straightforward tasks even with high-capacity vector field representations. This paper introduces two other fundamental tasks to the set that baseline methods cannot solve, and proposes mixtures of stochastic vector fields as a model class that is capable of solving these essential problems. Dynamic vector field selection is of critical importance for our model, and our approach is to propagate component uncertainty over the integration interval with a technique based on forward filtering. We also formalise several loss functions that encourage desirable properties on the trajectory paths, and of particular interest are those that directly encourage fewer expected function evaluations. Experimentally, we demonstrate that our model class is capable of capturing the natural dynamics of human behaviour; a notoriously volatile application area. Baseline approaches cannot adequately model this problem. 

060__ Cross-Dimensional Self-Attention for Multivariate, Geo-tagged Time  Series Imputation__arXiv:1905.09904
Author: Jiawei Ma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09904
 Abstract: Many real-world applications involve multivariate, geo-tagged time series data: at each location, multiple sensors record corresponding measurements. For example, air quality monitoring system records PM2.5, CO, etc. The resulting time-series data often has missing values due to device outages or communication errors. In order to impute the missing values, state-of-the-art methods are built on Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN), which process each time stamp sequentially, prohibiting the direct modeling of the relationship between distant time stamps. Recently, the self-attention mechanism has been proposed for sequence modeling tasks such as machine translation, significantly outperforming RNN because the relationship between each two time stamps can be modeled explicitly. In this paper, we are the first to adapt the self-attention mechanism for multivariate, geo-tagged time series data. In order to jointly capture the self-attention across multiple dimensions, including time, location and the sensor measurements, while maintain low computational complexity, we propose a novel approach called Cross-Dimensional Self-Attention (CDSA) to process each dimension sequentially, yet in an order-independent manner. Our extensive experiments on four real-world datasets, including three standard benchmarks and our newly collected NYC-traffic dataset, demonstrate that our approach outperforms the state-of-the-art imputation and forecasting methods. A detailed systematic analysis confirms the effectiveness of our design choices. 

061__ Faster Training and Better Generalization in Deep  Learning__arXiv:1905.09899
Author: Shuai Zheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09899
 Abstract: Stochastic methods with coordinate-wise adaptive stepsize (such as RMSprop and Adam) have been widely used in training deep neural networks. Despite their fast convergence, they can generalize worse than stochastic gradient descent. In this paper, by revisiting the design of Adagrad, we propose to split the network parameters into blocks, and use a blockwise adaptive stepsize. Intuitively, blockwise adaptivity is less aggressive than adaptivity to individual coordinates, and can have a better balance between adaptivity and generalization. We show theoretically that the proposed blockwise adaptive gradient descent has comparable convergence rate as its counterpart with coordinate-wise adaptive stepsize, but is faster up to some constant. We also study its uniform stability and show that blockwise adaptivity can lead to lower generalization error than coordinate-wise adaptivity. Experimental results show that blockwise adaptive gradient descent converges faster and improves generalization performance over Nesterov's accelerated gradient and Adam. 

062__ Graph regret bounds for Thompson Sampling and UCB__arXiv:1905.09898
Author: Thodoris Lykouris
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09898
 Abstract: We study the stochastic multi-armed bandit problem with the graph-based feedback structure introduced by Mannor and Shamir. We analyze the performance of the two most prominent stochastic bandit algorithms, Thompson Sampling and Upper Confidence Bound (UCB), in the graph-based feedback setting. We show that these algorithms achieve regret guarantees that combine the graph structure and the gaps between the means of the arm distributions. Surprisingly this holds despite the fact that these algorithms do not explicitly use the graph structure to select arms. Towards this result we introduce a "layering technique" highlighting the commonalities in the two algorithms. 

063__ Robust guarantees for learning an autoregressive filter__arXiv:1905.09897
Author: Holden Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09897
 Abstract: The optimal predictor for a linear dynamical system (with hidden state and Gaussian noise) takes the form of an autoregressive linear filter, namely the Kalman filter. However, a fundamental problem in reinforcement learning and control theory is to make optimal predictions in an unknown dynamical system. To this end, we take the approach of directly learning an autoregressive filter for time-series prediction under unknown dynamics. Our analysis differs from previous statistical analyses in that we regress not only on the inputs to the dynamical system, but also the outputs, which is essential to dealing with process noise. The main challenge is to estimate the filter under worst case input (in $\mathcal H_\infty$ norm), for which we use an $L^\infty$-based objective rather than ordinary least-squares. For learning an autoregressive model, our algorithm has optimal sample complexity in terms of the rollout length, which does not seem to be attained by naive least-squares. 

064__ Persistent Homology for Generative Models__arXiv:1905.09894
Author: Jeremy Charlier
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09894
 Abstract: Generative neural network models, including Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) and Auto-Encoders (AE), are among the most popular neural network models to generate adversarial data. The GAN model is composed of a generator that produces synthetic data and of a discriminator that discriminates between the generator's output and the true data. AE consist of an encoder which maps the model distribution to a latent manifold and of a decoder which maps the latent manifold to a reconstructed distribution. However, generative models are known to provoke chaotically scattered reconstructed distribution during their training, and consequently, incomplete generated adversarial distributions. Current distance measures fail to address this problem because they are not able to acknowledge the shape of the data manifold, i.e. its topological features, and the scale at which the manifold should be analyzed. We propose Persistent Homology for Generative Models, PHom-GeM, a new methodology to assess and measure the distribution of a generative model. PHom-GeM minimizes an objective function between the true and the reconstructed distributions and uses persistent homology, the study of the topological features of a space at different spatial resolutions, to compare the nature of the true and the generated distributions. Our experiments underline the potential of persistent homology for Wasserstein GAN in comparison to Wasserstein AE and Variational AE. The experiments are conducted on a real-world data set particularly challenging for traditional distance measures and generative neural network models. PHom-GeM is the first methodology to propose a topological distance measure, the bottleneck distance, for generative models used to compare adversarial samples in the context of credit card transactions. 

065__ A COLD Approach to Generating Optimal Samples__arXiv:1905.09885
Author: Omar Mahmood
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09885
 Abstract: Optimising discrete data for a desired characteristic using gradient-based methods involves projecting the data into a continuous latent space and carrying out optimisation in this space. Carrying out global optimisation is difficult as optimisers are likely to follow gradients into regions of the latent space that the model has not been exposed to during training; samples generated from these regions are likely to be too dissimilar to the training data to be useful. We propose Constrained Optimisation with Latent Distributions (COLD), a constrained global optimisation procedure to find samples with high values of a desired property that are similar to yet distinct from the training data. We find that on MNIST, our procedure yields optima for each of three different objectives, and that enforcing tighter constraints improves the quality and increases the diversity of the generated images. On the ChEMBL molecular dataset, our method generates a diverse set of new molecules with drug-likeness scores similar to those of the highest-scoring molecules in the training data. We also demonstrate a computationally efficient way to approximate the constraint when evaluating it exactly is computationally expensive. 

066__ Sparsity in Naive Bayes__arXiv:1905.09884
Author: Armin Askari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09884
 Abstract: Due to its linear complexity, naive Bayes classification remains an attractive supervised learning method, especially in very large-scale settings. We propose a sparse version of naive Bayes, which can be used for feature selection. This leads to a combinatorial maximum-likelihood problem, for which we provide an exact solution in the case of binary data, or a bound in the multinomial case. We prove that our bound becomes tight as the marginal contribution of additional features decreases. Both binary and multinomial sparse models are solvable in time almost linear in problem size, representing a very small extra relative cost compared to the classical naive Bayes. Numerical experiments on text data show that the naive Bayes feature selection method is as statistically effective as state-of-the-art feature selection methods such as recursive feature elimination, $l_1$-penalized logistic regression and LASSO, while being orders of magnitude faster. For a large data set, having more than with $1.6$ million training points and about $12$ million features, and with a non-optimized CPU implementation, our sparse naive Bayes model can be trained in less than 15 seconds. 

067__ Deep Latent Gaussian Models in  the Diffusion Limit__arXiv:1905.09883
Author: Belinda Tzen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09883
 Abstract: In deep latent Gaussian models, the latent variable is generated by a time-inhomogeneous Markov chain, where at each time step we pass the current state through a parametric nonlinear map, such as a feedforward neural net, and add a small independent Gaussian perturbation. This work considers the diffusion limit of such models, where the number of layers tends to infinity, while the step size and the noise variance tend to zero. The limiting latent object is an It\^o diffusion process that solves a stochastic differential equation (SDE) whose drift and diffusion coefficient are implemented by neural nets. We develop a variational inference framework for these \textit{neural SDEs} via stochastic backpropagation in Wiener space, where the variational approximations to the posterior are obtained by Girsanov (mean-shift) transformation of the standard Wiener process and the computation of gradients is based on the theory of stochastic flows. This permits the use of black-box SDE solvers and automatic differentiation for end-to-end inference. Experimental results with synthetic data are provided. 

068__ Cross Adversarial Source Separation via Autoencoder__arXiv:1905.09877
Author: Yong Zheng Ong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09877
 Abstract: This paper introduces a cross adversarial source separation (CASS) framework via autoencoder, a new model that aims at separating an input signal consisting of a mixture of multiple components into individual components defined via adversarial learning and autoencoder fitting. CASS unifies popular generative networks like auto-encoders (AEs) and generative adversarial networks (GANs) in a single framework. The basic building block that filters the input signal and reconstructs the $i$-th target component is a pair of deep neural networks $\mathcal{EN}_i$ and $\mathcal{DE}_i$ as an encoder for dimension reduction and a decoder for component reconstruction, respectively. The decoder $\mathcal{DE}_i$ as a generator is enhanced by a discriminator network $\mathcal{D}_i$ that favors signal structures of the $i$-th component in the $i$-th given dataset as guidance through adversarial learning. In contrast with existing practices in AEs which trains each Auto-Encoder independently, or in GANs that share the same generator, we introduce cross adversarial training that emphasizes adversarial relation between any arbitrary network pairs $(\mathcal{DE}_i,\mathcal{D}_j)$, achieving state-of-the-art performance especially when target components share similar data structures. 

069__ Deep density ratio estimation for change point detection__arXiv:1905.09876
Author: Haidar Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09876
 Abstract: In this work, we propose new objective functions to train deep neural network based density ratio estimators and apply it to a change point detection problem. Existing methods use linear combinations of kernels to approximate the density ratio function by solving a convex constrained minimization problem. Approximating the density ratio function using a deep neural network requires defining a suitable objective function to optimize. We formulate and compare objective functions that can be minimized using gradient descent and show that the network can effectively learn to approximate the density ratio function. Using our deep density ratio estimation objective function results in better performance on a seizure detection task than other (kernel and neural network based) density ratio estimation methods and other window-based change point detection algorithms. We also show that the method can still support other neural network architectures, such as convolutional networks. 

070__ Scaling Up Collaborative Filtering Data Sets through Randomized Fractal  Expansions__arXiv:1905.09874
Author: Francois Belletti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09874
 Abstract: Recommender system research suffers from a disconnect between the size of academic data sets and the scale of industrial production systems. In order to bridge that gap, we propose to generate large-scale user/item interaction data sets by expanding pre-existing public data sets. Our key contribution is a technique that expands user/item incidence matrices matrices to large numbers of rows (users), columns (items), and non-zero values (interactions). The proposed method adapts Kronecker Graph Theory to preserve key higher order statistical properties such as the fat-tailed distribution of user engagements, item popularity, and singular value spectra of user/item interaction matrices. Preserving such properties is key to building large realistic synthetic data sets which in turn can be employed reliably to benchmark recommender systems and the systems employed to train them. We further apply our stochastic expansion algorithm to the binarized MovieLens 20M data set, which comprises 20M interactions between 27K movies and 138K users. The resulting expanded data set has 1.2B ratings, 2.2M users, and 855K items, which can be scaled up or down. 

071__ Learning to Sample from the Wild for Imbalanced Data Training__arXiv:1905.09872
Author: Yunru Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09872
 Abstract: Supervised learning from training data with imbalanced class sizes, a commonly encountered scenario in real applications such as anomaly/fraud detection, has long been considered a significant challenge in machine learning. Motivated by recent progress in curriculum and self-paced learning, we propose to adopt a semi-supervised learning paradigm by training a deep neural network, referred to as SelectNet, to selectively add unlabelled data together with their predicted labels to the training dataset. Unlike existing techniques designed to tackle the difficulty in dealing with class imbalanced training data such as resampling, cost-sensitive learning, and margin-based learning, SelectNet provides an end-to-end approach for learning from important unlabelled data "in the wild" that most likely belong to the under-sampled classes in the training data, thus gradually mitigates the imbalance in the data used for training the classifier. We demonstrate the efficacy of SelectNet through extensive numerical experiments on standard datasets in computer vision. 

072__ Thwarting finite difference adversarial attacks with output  randomization__arXiv:1905.09871
Author: Haidar Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09871
 Abstract: Adversarial examples pose a threat to deep neural network models in a variety of scenarios, from settings where the adversary has complete knowledge of the model and to the opposite "black box" setting. Black box attacks are particularly threatening as the adversary only needs access to the input and output of the model. Defending against black box adversarial example generation attacks is paramount as currently proposed defenses are not effective. Since these types of attacks rely on repeated queries to the model to estimate gradients over input dimensions, we investigate the use of randomization to thwart such adversaries from successfully creating adversarial examples. Randomization applied to the output of the deep neural network model has the potential to confuse potential attackers, however this introduces a tradeoff between accuracy and robustness. We show that for certain types of randomization, we can bound the probability of introducing errors by carefully setting distributional parameters. For the particular case of finite difference black box attacks, we quantify the error introduced by the defense in the finite difference estimate of the gradient. Lastly, we show empirically that the defense can thwart two adaptive black box adversarial attack algorithms. 

073__ Interpreting a Recurrent Neural Network Model for ICU Mortality Using  Learned Binary Masks__arXiv:1905.09865
Author: Long V. Ho
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09865
 Abstract: An attribution method was developed to interpret a recurrent neural network (RNN) trained to predict a child's risk of ICU mortality using multi-modal, time series data in the Electronic Medical Records. By learning a sparse, binary mask that highlights salient features of the input data, critical features determining an individual patient's severity of illness could be identified. The method, called Learned Binary Masks (LBM), demonstrated that the RNN used different feature sets specific to each patient's illness; and further, the features highlighted aligned with clinical intuition of the patient's disease trajectories. LBM was also used to identify the most salient features across the model, analogous to "feature importance" computed in the Random Forest. This measure of the RNN's feature importance was further used to select the 25% most used features for training a second RNN model. Interestingly, but not surprisingly, the second model maintained similar performance to the model trained on all features. LBM is data-agnostic and can be used to interpret the predictions of any differentiable model. 

074__ Copy this Sentence__arXiv:1905.09856
Author: Vasileios Lioutas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09856
 Abstract: Attention is an operation that selects some largest element from some set, where the notion of largest is defined elsewhere. Applying this operation to sequence to sequence mapping results in significant improvements to the task at hand. In this paper we provide the mathematical definition of attention and examine its application to sequence to sequence models. We highlight the exact correspondences between machine learning implementations of attention and our mathematical definition. We provide clear evidence of effectiveness of attention mechanisms evaluating models with varying degrees of attention on a very simple task: copying a sentence. We find that models that make greater use of attention perform much better on sequence to sequence mapping tasks, converge faster and are more stable. 

075__ An Alternative Approach for  Continuous Control__arXiv:1905.09855
Author: Chen Tessler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09855
 Abstract: We identify a fundamental problem in policy gradient-based methods in continuous control. As policy gradient methods require the agent's underlying probability distribution, they limit policy representation to parametric distribution classes. We show that optimizing over such sets results in local movement in the action space and thus convergence to sub-optimal solutions. We suggest a novel distributional framework, able to represent arbitrary distribution functions over the continuous action space. Using this framework, we construct a generative scheme, trained using an off-policy actor-critic paradigm, which we call the Generative Actor Critic (GAC). Compared to policy gradient methods, GAC does not require knowledge of the underlying probability distribution, thereby overcoming these limitations. Empirical evaluation shows that our approach is comparable and often surpasses current state-of-the-art baselines in continuous domains. 

076__ Randomized Reference Classifier with Gaussian Distribution and Soft  Confusion Matrix Applied to the Improving Weak Classifiers__arXiv:1905.09820
Author: Pawel Trajdos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09820
 Abstract: In this paper, an issue of building the RRC model using probability distributions other than beta distribution is addressed. More precisely, in this paper, we propose to build the RRR model using the truncated normal distribution. Heuristic procedures for expected value and the variance of the truncated-normal distribution are also proposed. The proposed approach is tested using SCM-based model for testing the consequences of applying the truncated normal distribution in the RRC model. The experimental evaluation is performed using four different base classifiers and seven quality measures. The results showed that the proposed approach is comparable to the RRC model built using beta distribution. What is more, for some base classifiers, the truncated-normal-based SCM algorithm turned out to be better at discovering objects coming from minority classes. 

077__ Unsupervised Community Detection with Modularity-Based Attention Model__arXiv:1905.10350
Author: Ivan Lobov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10350
 Abstract: In this paper we take a problem of unsupervised nodes clustering on graphs and show how recent advances in attention models can be applied successfully in a "hard" regime of the problem. We propose an unsupervised algorithm that encodes Bethe Hessian embeddings by optimizing soft modularity loss and argue that our model is competitive to both classical and Graph Neural Network (GNN) models while it can be trained on a single graph. 

078__ Accelerated Polystore System for Heterogeneous Workloads__arXiv:1905.10336
Author: Rekha Singhal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10336
 Abstract: Modern real-time business analytic consist of heterogeneous workloads (e.g, database queries, graph processing, and machine learning). These analytic applications need programming environments that can capture all aspects of the constituent workloads (including data models they work on and movement of data across processing engines). Polystore systems suit such applications; however, these systems currently execute on CPUs and the slowdown of Moore's Law means they cannot meet the performance and efficiency requirements of modern workloads. We envision Polystore++, an architecture to accelerate existing polystore systems using hardware accelerators (e.g, FPGAs, CGRAs, and GPUs). Polystore++ systems can achieve high performance at low power by identifying and offloading components of a polystore system that are amenable to acceleration using specialized hardware. Building a Polystore++ system is challenging and introduces new research problems motivated by the use of hardware accelerators (e.g, optimizing and mapping query plans across heterogeneous computing units and exploiting hardware pipelining and parallelism to improve performance). In this paper, we discuss these challenges in detail and list possible approaches to address these problems. 

079__ Conditional Density Estimation with Clinical  Trials__arXiv:1905.10330
Author: Eric V. Strobl
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10330
 Abstract: Personalized medicine seeks to identify the causal effect of treatment for a particular patient as opposed to a clinical population at large. Most investigators estimate such personalized treatment effects by regressing the outcome of a randomized clinical trial (RCT) on patient covariates. The realized value of the outcome may however lie far from the conditional expectation. We therefore introduce a method called Dirac Delta Regression (DDR) that estimates the entire conditional density from RCT data in order to visualize the probabilities across all possible treatment outcomes. DDR transforms the outcome into a set of asymptotically Dirac delta distributions and then estimates the density using non-linear regression. The algorithm can identify significant patient-specific treatment effects even when no population level effect exists. Moreover, DDR outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms in conditional density estimation on average regardless of the need for causal inference. 

080__ Predicting Security Events Through Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.10328
Author: Yun Shen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10328
 Abstract: With the increased complexity of modern computer attacks, there is a need for defenders not only to detect malicious activity as it happens, but also to predict the specific steps that will be taken by an adversary when performing an attack. However this is still an open research problem, and previous research in predicting malicious events only looked at binary outcomes (e.g., whether an attack would happen or not), but not at the specific steps that an attacker would undertake. To fill this gap we present Tiresias, a system that leverages Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) to predict future events on a machine, based on previous observations. We test Tiresias on a dataset of 3.4 billion security events collected from a commercial intrusion prevention system, and show that our approach is effective in predicting the next event that will occur on a machine with a precision of up to 0.93. We also show that the models learned by Tiresias are reasonably stable over time, and provide a mechanism that can identify sudden drops in precision and trigger a retraining of the system. Finally, we show that the long-term memory typical of RNNs is key in performing event prediction, rendering simpler methods not up to the task. 

081__ Uncertainty Estimation in One-Stage Object Detection__arXiv:1905.10296
Author: Florian Kraus
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10296
 Abstract: Environment perception is the task for intelligent vehicles on which all subsequent steps rely. A key part of perception is to safely detect other road users such as vehicles, pedestrians, and cyclists. With modern deep learning techniques huge progress was made over the last years in this field. However such deep learning based object detection models cannot predict how certain they are in their predictions, potentially hampering the performance of later steps such as tracking or sensor fusion. We present a viable approaches to estimate uncertainty in an one-stage object detector, while improving the detection performance of the baseline approach. The proposed model is evaluated on a large scale automotive pedestrian dataset. Experimental results show that the uncertainty outputted by our system is coupled with detection accuracy and the occlusion level of pedestrians. 

082__ Privacy Risks of Securing Machine Learning Models against Adversarial  Examples__arXiv:1905.10291
Author: Liwei Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10291
 Abstract: The arms race between attacks and defenses for machine learning models has come to a forefront in recent years, in both the security community and the privacy community. However, one big limitation of previous research is that the security domain and the privacy domain have typically been considered separately. It is thus unclear whether the defense methods in one domain will have any unexpected impact on the other domain. In this paper, we take a step towards resolving this limitation by combining the two domains. In particular, we measure the success of membership inference attacks against six state-of-the-art adversarial defense methods that mitigate adversarial examples (i.e., evasion attacks). Membership inference attacks aim to infer an individual's participation in the target model's training set and are known to be correlated with target model's overfitting and sensitivity with regard to training data. Meanwhile, adversarial defense methods aim to enhance the robustness of target models by ensuring that model predictions are unchanged for a small area around each training sample. Thus, adversarial defenses typically have a more fine-grained reliance on the training set and make the target model more vulnerable to membership inference attacks. To perform the membership inference attacks, we leverage the conventional inference method based on prediction confidence and propose two new inference methods that exploit structural properties of adversarially robust defenses. Our experimental evaluation demonstrates that compared with the natural training (undefended) approach, adversarial defense methods can indeed increase the target model's risk against membership inference attacks. When applying adversarial defenses to train the robust models, the membership inference advantage increases by up to $4.5$ times compared to the naturally undefended models. 

083__ Convergence Guarantees for Adaptive Bayesian Quadrature Methods__arXiv:1905.10271
Author: Motonobu Kanagawa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10271
 Abstract: Adaptive Bayesian quadrature (ABQ) is a powerful approach to numerical integration that empirically compares favorably with Monte Carlo integration on problems of medium dimensionality (where non-adaptive quadrature is not competitive). Its key ingredient is an acquisition function that changes as a function of previously collected values of the integrand. While this adaptivity appears to be empirically powerful, it complicates analysis. Consequently, there are no theoretical guarantees so far for this class of methods. In this work, for a broad class of adaptive Bayesian quadrature methods, we prove consistency, deriving non-tight but informative convergence rates. To do so we introduce a new concept we call weak adaptivity. In guaranteeing consistency of ABQ, weak adaptivity is notionally similar to the ideas of detailed balance and ergodicity in Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods, which allow sufficient conditions for consistency of MCMC. Likewise, our results identify a large and flexible class of adaptive Bayesian quadrature rules as consistent, within which practitioners can develop empirically efficient methods. 

084__ Video Inbetweening Using Direct 3D Convolutions__arXiv:1905.10240
Author: Yunpeng Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10240
 Abstract: We consider the problem of generating plausible and diverse video sequences, when we are only given a start and an end frame. This task is also known as inbetweening, and it belongs to the broader area of stochastic video generation, which is generally approached by means of recurrent neural networks (RNN). In this paper, we propose instead a fully convolutional model to generate video sequences directly in the pixel domain. We first obtain a latent video representation using a stochastic fusion mechanism that learns how to incorporate information from the start and end frames. Our model learns to produce such latent representation by progressively increasing the temporal resolution, and then decode in the spatiotemporal domain using 3D convolutions. The model is trained end-to-end by minimizing an adversarial loss. Experiments on several widely-used benchmark datasets show that it is able to generate meaningful and diverse in-between video sequences, according to both quantitative and qualitative evaluations. 

085__ Polynomial Cost of Adaptation for X -Armed Bandits__arXiv:1905.10221
Author: H¨¦di Hadiji
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10221
 Abstract: In the context of stochastic continuum-armed bandits, we present an algorithm that adapts to the unknown smoothness of the objective function. We exhibit and compute a polynomial cost of adaptation to the H{\"o}lder regularity for regret minimization. To do this, we first reconsider the recent lower bound of Locatelli and Carpentier [20], and define and characterize admissible rate functions. Our new algorithm matches any of these minimal rate functions. We provide a finite-time analysis and a thorough discussion about asymptotic optimality. 

086__ Machine Learning Estimation of Heterogeneous Treatment Effects with  Instruments__arXiv:1905.10176
Author: Vasilis Syrgkanis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10176
 Abstract: We consider the estimation of heterogeneous treatment effects with arbitrary machine learning methods in the presence of unobserved confounders with the aid of a valid instrument. Such settings arise in A/B tests with an intent-to-treat structure, where the experimenter randomizes over which user will receive a recommendation to take an action, and we are interested in the effect of the downstream action. We develop a statistical learning approach to the estimation of heterogeneous effects, reducing the problem to the minimization of an appropriate loss function that depends on a set of auxiliary models (each corresponding to a separate prediction task). The reduction enables the use of all recent algorithmic advances (e.g. neural nets, forests). We show that the estimated effect model is robust to estimation errors in the auxiliary models, by showing that the loss satisfies a Neyman orthogonality criterion. Our approach can be used to estimate projections of the true effect model on simpler hypothesis spaces. When these spaces are parametric, then the parameter estimates are asymptotically normal, which enables construction of confidence sets. We applied our method to estimate the effect of membership on downstream webpage engagement on TripAdvisor, using as an instrument an intent-to-treat A/B test among 4 million TripAdvisor users, where some users received an easier membership sign-up process. We also validate our method on synthetic data and on public datasets for the effects of schooling on income. 

087__ Concentration bounds for linear Monge mapping estimation and optimal  transport domain adaptation__arXiv:1905.10155
Author: R¨¦mi Flamary
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10155
 Abstract: This article investigates the quality of the estimator of the linear Monge mapping between distributions. We provide the first concentration result on the linear mapping operator and prove a sample complexity of $n^{-1/2}$ when using empirical estimates of first and second order moments. This result is then used to derive a generalization bound for domain adaptation with optimal transport. As a consequence, this method approaches the performance of theoretical Bayes predictor under mild conditions on the covariance structure of the problem. We also discuss the computational complexity of the linear mapping estimation and show that when the source and target are stationary the mapping is a convolution that can be estimated very efficiently using fast Fourier transforms. Numerical experiments reproduce the behavior of the proven bounds on simulated and real data for mapping estimation and domain adaptation on images. 

088__ A Practical Framework for Solving Center-Based Clustering with Outliers__arXiv:1905.10143
Author: Hu Ding
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10143
 Abstract: Clustering has many important applications in computer science, but real-world datasets often contain outliers. Moreover, the existence of outliers can make the clustering problems to be much more challenging. In this paper, we propose a practical framework for solving the problems of $k$-center/median/means clustering with outliers. The framework actually is very simple, where we just need to take a small sample from input and run existing approximation algorithm on the sample. However, our analysis is fundamentally different from the previous sampling based ideas. In particular, the size of the sample is independent of the input data size and dimensionality. To explain the effectiveness of random sampling in theory, we introduce a "significance" criterion and prove that the performance of our framework depends on the significance degree of the given instance. Actually, our result can be viewed as a new step along the direction of beyond worst-case analysis in terms of clustering with outliers. The experiments suggest that our framework can achieve comparable clustering result with existing methods, but greatly reduce the running time. 

089__ Sliced Gromov-Wasserstein__arXiv:1905.10124
Author: Titouan Vayer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10124
 Abstract: Recently used in various machine learning contexts, the Gromov-Wasserstein distance (GW) allows for comparing distributions that do not necessarily lie in the same metric space. However, this Optimal Transport (OT) distance requires solving a complex non convex quadratic program which is most of the time very costly both in time and memory. Contrary to GW, the Wasserstein distance (W) enjoys several properties (e.g. duality) that permit large scale optimization. Among those, the Sliced Wasserstein (SW) distance exploits the direct solution of W on the line, that only requires sorting discrete samples in 1D. This paper propose a new divergence based on GW akin to SW. We first derive a closed form for GW when dealing with 1D distributions, based on a new result for the related quadratic assignment problem. We then define a novel OT discrepancy that can deal with large scale distributions via a slicing approach and we show how it relates to the GW distance while being $O(n^2)$ to compute. We illustrate the behavior of this so called Sliced Gromov-Wasserstein (SGW) discrepancy in experiments where we demonstrate its ability to tackle similar problems as GW while being several order of magnitudes faster to compute 

090__ Robust Semantic Segmentation in Adverse Weather Conditions by means of  Sensor Data Fusion__arXiv:1905.10117
Author: Andreas Pfeuffer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10117
 Abstract: A robust and reliable semantic segmentation in adverse weather conditions is very important for autonomous cars, but most state-of-the-art approaches only achieve high accuracy rates in optimal weather conditions. The reason is that they are only optimized for good weather conditions and given noise models. However, most of them fail, if data with unknown disturbances occur, and their performance decrease enormously. One possibility to still obtain reliable results is to observe the environment with different sensor types, such as camera and lidar, and to fuse the sensor data by means of neural networks, since different sensors behave differently in diverse weather conditions. Hence, the sensors can complement each other by means of an appropriate sensor data fusion. Nevertheless, the fusion-based approaches are still susceptible to disturbances and fail to classify disturbed image areas correctly. This problem can be solved by means of a special training method, the so called Robust Learning Method (RLM), a method by which the neural network learns to handle unknown noise. In this work, two different sensor fusion architectures for semantic segmentation are compared and evaluated on several datasets. Furthermore, it is shown that the RLM increases the robustness in adverse weather conditions enormously, and achieve good results although no disturbance model has been learned by the neural network. 

091__ Semi-Parametric Efficient Policy Learning with Continuous Actions__arXiv:1905.10116
Author: Mert Demirer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10116
 Abstract: We consider off-policy evaluation and optimization with continuous action spaces. We focus on observational data where the data collection policy is unknown and needs to be estimated. We take a semi-parametric approach where the value function takes a known parametric form in the treatment, but we are agnostic on how it depends on the observed contexts. We propose a doubly robust off-policy estimate for this setting and show that off-policy optimization based on this estimate is robust to estimation errors of the policy function or the regression model. Our results also apply if the model does not satisfy our semi-parametric form, but rather we measure regret in terms of the best projection of the true value function to this functional space. Our work extends prior approaches of policy optimization from observational data that only considered discrete actions. We provide an experimental evaluation of our method in a synthetic data example motivated by optimal personalized pricing and costly resource allocation. 

092__ Guided Stereo Matching__arXiv:1905.10107
Author: Matteo Poggi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10107
 Abstract: Stereo is a prominent technique to infer dense depth maps from images, and deep learning further pushed forward the state-of-the-art, making end-to-end architectures unrivaled when enough data is available for training. However, deep networks suffer from significant drops in accuracy when dealing with new environments. Therefore, in this paper, we introduce Guided Stereo Matching, a novel paradigm leveraging a small amount of sparse, yet reliable depth measurements retrieved from an external source enabling to ameliorate this weakness. The additional sparse cues required by our method can be obtained with any strategy (e.g., a LiDAR) and used to enhance features linked to corresponding disparity hypotheses. Our formulation is general and fully differentiable, thus enabling to exploit the additional sparse inputs in pre-trained deep stereo networks as well as for training a new instance from scratch. Extensive experiments on three standard datasets and two state-of-the-art deep architectures show that even with a small set of sparse input cues, i) the proposed paradigm enables significant improvements to pre-trained networks. Moreover, ii) training from scratch notably increases accuracy and robustness to domain shifts. Finally, iii) it is suited and effective even with traditional stereo algorithms such as SGM. 

093__ Disentangled Feature for Weakly Supervised Multi-class Sound Event  Detection__arXiv:1905.10091
Author: Liwei Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10091
 Abstract: We propose a disentangled feature for weakly supervised multiclass sound event detection (SED), which helps ameliorate the performance and the training efficiency of class-wise attention based detection system by the introduction of more class-wise prior information as well as the network redundancy weight reduction. In this paper, we approach SED as a multiple instance learning (MIL) problem and utilize a neural network framework with class-wise attention pooling (cATP) module to solve it. Aiming at making finer detection even if there is only a small number of clips with less co-occurrence of the categories available in the training set, we optimize the high-level feature space of cATP-MIL by disentangling it based on class-wise identifiable information in the training set and obtain multiple different subspaces. Experiments show that our approach achieves competitive performance on Task4 of the DCASE2018 challenge. 

094__ Training Variational Recurrent Autoencoders for Text  Generation__arXiv:1905.10072
Author: Dayiheng Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10072
 Abstract: It has been previously observed that training Variational Recurrent Autoencoders (VRAE) for text generation suffers from serious uninformative latent variables problem. The model would collapse into a plain language model that totally ignore the latent variables and can only generate repeating and dull samples. In this paper, we explore the reason behind this issue and propose an effective regularizer based approach to address it. The proposed method directly injects extra constraints on the posteriors of latent variables into the learning process of VRAE, which can flexibly and stably control the trade-off between the KL term and the reconstruction term, making the model learn dense and meaningful latent representations. The experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms several strong baselines and can make the model learn interpretable latent variables and generate diverse meaningful sentences. Furthermore, the proposed method can perform well without using other strategies, such as KL annealing. 

095__ A Simultaneously Optimal Algorithm for Multi-Armed and Linear  Contextual Bandits__arXiv:1905.10040
Author: Niladri S. Chatterji
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10040
 Abstract: We consider the stochastic linear (multi-armed) contextual bandit problem with the possibility of hidden \textit{simple multi-armed bandit} structure in which the rewards are independent of the contextual information. Algorithms that are designed solely for one of the regimes are known to be sub-optimal for their alternate regime. We design a single computationally efficient algorithm that simultaneously obtains problem-dependent optimal regret rates in the simple multi-armed bandit regime and minimax optimal regret rates in the linear contextual bandit regime, without knowing a priori which of the two models generates the rewards. These results are proved under the condition of stochasticity of contextual information over multiple rounds. Our results should be viewed as a step towards principled data-dependent policy class selection for contextual bandits. 

096__ Patent Citation Dynamics Modeling via Multi-Attention Recurrent Networks__arXiv:1905.10022
Author: Taoran Ji
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10022
 Abstract: Modeling and forecasting forward citations to a patent is a central task for the discovery of emerging technologies and for measuring the pulse of inventive progress. Conventional methods for forecasting these forward citations cast the problem as analysis of temporal point processes which rely on the conditional intensity of previously received citations. Recent approaches model the conditional intensity as a chain of recurrent neural networks to capture memory dependency in hopes of reducing the restrictions of the parametric form of the intensity function. For the problem of patent citations, we observe that forecasting a patent's chain of citations benefits from not only the patent's history itself but also from the historical citations of assignees and inventors associated with that patent. In this paper, we propose a sequence-to-sequence model which employs an attention-of-attention mechanism to capture the dependencies of these multiple time sequences. Furthermore, the proposed model is able to forecast both the timestamp and the category of a patent's next citation. Extensive experiments on a large patent citation dataset collected from USPTO demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art models at forward citation forecasting. 

097__ Tissue segmentation with deep 3D networks and spatial priors__arXiv:1905.10010
Author: Lukas Hirsch
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10010
 Abstract: Conventional automated segmentation of the human head distinguishes different tissues based on image intensities in an MRI volume and prior tissue probability maps (TPM). This works well for normal head anatomies, but fails in the presence of unexpected lesions. Deep convolutional neural networks leverage instead volumetric spatial patterns and can be trained to segment lesions, but have thus far not integrated prior probabilities. Here we add to a three-dimensional convolutional network spatial priors with a TPM, morphological priors with conditional random fields, and context with a wider field-of-view at lower resolution. The new architecture, which we call MultiPrior, was designed to be a fully-trainable, three-dimensional convolutional network. Thus, the resulting architecture represents a neural network with learnable spatial memories. When trained on a set of stroke patients and healthy subjects, MultiPrior outperforms the state-of-the-art segmentation tools such as DeepMedic and SPM segmentation. The approach is further demonstrated on patients with disorders of consciousness, where we find that cognitive state correlates positively with gray-matter volumes and negatively with the extent of ventricles. We make the code and trained networks freely available to support future clinical research projects. 

098__ Sequential Gaussian Processes for Online Learning of Nonstationary  Functions__arXiv:1905.10003
Author: Michael Minyi Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10003
 Abstract: Many machine learning problems can be framed in the context of estimating functions, and often these are time-dependent functions that are estimated in real-time as observations arrive. Gaussian processes (GPs) are an attractive choice for modeling real-valued nonlinear functions due to their flexibility and uncertainty quantification. However, the typical GP regression model suffers from several drawbacks: i) Conventional GP inference scales $O(N^{3})$ with respect to the number of observations; ii) updating a GP model sequentially is not trivial; and iii) covariance kernels often enforce stationarity constraints on the function, while GPs with non-stationary covariance kernels are often intractable to use in practice. To overcome these issues, we propose an online sequential Monte Carlo algorithm to fit mixtures of GPs that capture non-stationary behavior while allowing for fast, distributed inference. By formulating hyperparameter optimization as a multi-armed bandit problem, we accelerate mixing for real time inference. Our approach empirically improves performance over state-of-the-art methods for online GP estimation in the context of prediction for simulated non-stationary data and hospital time series data. 

099__ Implicit Label Augmentation on Partially Annotated Clips via  Temporally-Adaptive Features Learning__arXiv:1905.10000
Author: Yongxi Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.10000
 Abstract: Partially annotated clips contain rich temporal contexts that can complement the sparse key frame annotations in providing supervision for model training. We present a novel paradigm called Temporally-Adaptive Features (TAF) learning that can utilize such data to learn better single frame models. By imposing distinct temporal change rate constraints on different factors in the model, TAF enables learning from unlabeled frames using context to enhance model accuracy. TAF generalizes "slow feature" learning and we present much stronger empirical evidence than prior works, showing convincing gains for the challenging semantic segmentation task over a variety of architecture designs and on two popular datasets. TAF can be interpreted as an implicit label augmentation method but is a more principled formulation compared to existing explicit augmentation techniques. Our work thus connects two promising methods that utilize partially annotated clips for single frame model training and can inspire future explorations in this direction. 

100__ On Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence-based Processing in  Communications__arXiv:1905.09983
Author: Daniel Tandler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09983
 Abstract: In this work, we analyze the capabilities and practical limitations of neural networks (NNs) for sequence-based signal processing which can be seen as an omnipresent property in almost any modern communication systems. In particular, we train multiple state-of-the-art recurrent neural network (RNN) structures to learn how to decode convolutional codes allowing a clear benchmarking with the corresponding maximum likelihood (ML) Viterbi decoder. We examine the decoding performance for various kinds of NN architectures, beginning with classical types like feedforward layers and gated recurrent unit (GRU)-layers, up to more recently introduced architectures such as temporal convolutional networks (TCNs) and differentiable neural computers (DNCs) with external memory. As a key limitation, it turns out that the training complexity increases exponentially with the length of the encoding memory $\nu$ and, thus, practically limits the achievable bit error rate (BER) performance. To overcome this limitation, we introduce a new training-method by gradually increasing the number of ones within the training sequences, i.e., we constrain the amount of possible training sequences in the beginning until first convergence. By consecutively adding more and more possible sequences to the training set, we finally achieve training success in cases that did not converge before via naive training. Further, we show that our network can learn to jointly detect and decode a quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK) modulated code with sub-optimal (anti-Gray) labeling in one-shot at a performance that would require iterations between demapper and decoder in classic detection schemes. 

101__ Deep Monocular 3D Object Detection with Closed-Form  Geometric Constraints__arXiv:1905.09970
Author: Andretti Naiden
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09970
 Abstract: We propose Shift R-CNN, a hybrid model for monocular 3D object detection, which combines deep learning with the power of geometry. We adapt a Faster R-CNN network for regressing initial 2D and 3D object properties and combine it with a least squares solution for the inverse 2D to 3D geometric mapping problem, using the camera projection matrix. The closed-form solution of the mathematical system, along with the initial output of the adapted Faster R-CNN are then passed through a final ShiftNet network that refines the result using our newly proposed Volume Displacement Loss. Our novel, geometrically constrained deep learning approach to monocular 3D object detection obtains top results on KITTI 3D Object Detection Benchmark, being the best among all monocular methods that do not use any pre-trained network for depth estimation. 

102__ Robust Variational Autoencoder__arXiv:1905.09961
Author: Haleh Akrami
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09961
 Abstract: Machine learning methods often need a large amount of labeled training data. Since the training data is assumed to be the ground truth, outliers can severely degrade learned representations and performance of trained models. Here we apply concepts from robust statistics to derive a novel variational autoencoder that is robust to outliers in the training data. Variational autoencoders (VAEs) extract a lower dimensional encoded feature representation from which we can generate new data samples. Robustness of autoencoders to outliers is critical for generating a reliable representation of particular data types in the encoded space when using corrupted training data. Our robust VAE is based on beta-divergence rather than the standard Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence. Our proposed model has the same computational complexity as the VAE, and contains a single tuning parameter to control the degree of robustness. We demonstrate performance of the beta-divergence based autoencoder for a range of image data types, showing improved robustness to outliers both qualitatively and quantitatively. We also illustrate the use of the robust VAE for outlier detection. 

103__ Posterior Distribution for the Number of Clusters in Dirichlet Process  Mixture Models__arXiv:1905.09959
Author: Chiao-Yu Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09959
 Abstract: Dirichlet process mixture models (DPMM) play a central role in Bayesian nonparametrics, with applications throughout statistics and machine learning. DPMMs are generally used in clustering problems where the number of clusters is not known in advance, and the posterior distribution is treated as providing inference for this number. Recently, however, it has been shown that the DPMM is inconsistent in inferring the true number of components in certain cases. This is an asymptotic result, and it would be desirable to understand whether it holds with finite samples, and to more fully understand the full posterior. In this work, we provide a rigorous study for the posterior distribution of the number of clusters in DPMM under different prior distributions on the parameters and constraints on the distributions of the data. We provide novel lower bounds on the ratios of probabilities between $s+1$ clusters and $s$ clusters when the prior distributions on parameters are chosen to be Gaussian or uniform distributions. 

104__ Accelerated Primal-Dual Coordinate Descent for Computational Optimal  Transport__arXiv:1905.09952
Author: Wenshuo Guo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09952
 Abstract: We propose and analyze a novel accelerated primal-dual coordinate descent framework for computing the optimal transport (OT) distance between two discrete probability distributions. First, we introduce the accelerated primal-dual randomized coordinate descent (APDRCD) algorithm for computing OT. Then we provide a complexity upper bound $\widetilde{\mathcal{O}}(\frac{n^{5/2}}{\varepsilon})$ for the APDRCD method for approximating OT distance, where $n$ stands for the number of atoms of these probability measures and $\varepsilon > 0$ is the desired accuracy. This upper bound matches the best known complexities of adaptive primal-dual accelerated gradient descent (APDAGD) and adaptive primal-dual accelerate mirror descent (APDAMD) algorithms while it is better than those of Sinkhorn and Greenkhorn algorithms, which are of the order $\widetilde{\mathcal{O}}(\frac{n^{2}}{\varepsilon^2})$, in terms of the desired accuracy $\varepsilon > 0$. Furthermore, we propose a greedy version of APDRCD algorithm that we refer to as the accelerated primal-dual greedy coordinate descent (APDGCD) algorithm and demonstrate that it has a better practical performance than the APDRCD algorithm. Extensive experimental studies demonstrate the favorable performance of the APDRCD and APDGCD algorithms over state-of-the-art primal-dual algorithms for OT in the literature. 

105__ Unsupervised Discovery of Temporal Structure in Noisy Data with  Dynamical Components Analysis__arXiv:1905.09944
Author: David G. Clark
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09944
 Abstract: Linear dimensionality reduction methods are commonly used to extract low-dimensional structure from high-dimensional data. However, popular methods disregard temporal structure, rendering them prone to extracting noise rather than meaningful dynamics when applied to time series data. At the same time, many successful unsupervised learning methods for temporal, sequential and spatial data extract features which are predictive of their surrounding context. Combining these approaches, we introduce Dynamical Components Analysis (DCA), a linear dimensionality reduction method which discovers a subspace of high-dimensional time series data with maximal predictive information, defined as the mutual information between the past and future. We test DCA on synthetic examples and demonstrate its superior ability to extract dynamical structure compared to commonly used linear methods. We also apply DCA to several real-world datasets, showing that the dimensions extracted by DCA are more useful than those extracted by other methods for predicting future states and decoding auxiliary variables. Overall, DCA robustly extracts dynamical structure in noisy, high-dimensional data while retaining the computational efficiency and geometric interpretability of linear dimensionality reduction methods. 

106__ On Pruning for Score-Based Bayesian Network Structure Learning__arXiv:1905.09943
Author: Alvaro H. C. Correia
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09943
 Abstract: Many algorithms for score-based Bayesian network structure learning (BNSL) take as input a collection of potentially optimal parent sets for each variable in a data set. Constructing these collections naively is computationally intensive since the number of parent sets grows exponentially with the number of variables. Therefore, pruning techniques are not only desirable but essential. While effective pruning exists for the Bayesian Information Criterion (BIC), current results for the Bayesian Dirichlet equivalent uniform (BDeu) score reduce the search space very modestly, hampering the use of (the often preferred) BDeu. We derive new non-trivial theoretical upper bounds for the BDeu score that considerably improve on the state of the art. Since the new bounds are efficient and easy to implement, they can be promptly integrated into many BNSL methods. We show that gains can be significant in multiple UCI data sets so as to highlight practical implications of the theoretical advances. 

107__ Training language GANs from Scratch__arXiv:1905.09922
Author: Cyprien de Masson d'Autume
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09922
 Abstract: Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) enjoy great success at image generation, but have proven difficult to train in the domain of natural language. Challenges with gradient estimation, optimization instability, and mode collapse have lead practitioners to resort to maximum likelihood pre-training, followed by small amounts of adversarial fine-tuning. The benefits of GAN fine-tuning for language generation are unclear, as the resulting models produce comparable or worse samples than traditional language models. We show it is in fact possible to train a language GAN from scratch -- without maximum likelihood pre-training. We combine existing techniques such as large batch sizes, dense rewards and discriminator regularization to stabilize and improve language GANs. The resulting model, ScratchGAN, performs comparably to maximum likelihood training on EMNLP2017 News and WikiText-103 corpora according to quality and diversity metrics. 

108__ Learning spectrograms with convolutional spectral kernels__arXiv:1905.09917
Author: Zheyang Shen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09917
 Abstract: We introduce the convolutional spectral kernel (CSK), a novel family of interpretable and non-stationary kernels derived from the convolution of two imaginary radial basis functions. We propose the input-frequency spectrogram as a novel tool to analyze nonparametric kernels as well as the kernels of deep Gaussian processes (DGPs). Observing through the lens of the spectrogram, we shed light on the interpretability of deep models, along with useful insights for effective inference. We also present scalable variational and stochastic Hamiltonian Monte Carlo inference to learn rich, yet interpretable frequency patterns from data using DGPs constructed via covariance functions. Empirically we show on simulated and real-world datasets that CSK extracts meaningful non-stationary periodicities. 

109__ Generative training of quantum Boltzmann machines with hidden units__arXiv:1905.09902
Author: Nathan Wiebe
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09902
 Abstract: In this article we provide a method for fully quantum generative training of quantum Boltzmann machines with both visible and hidden units while using quantum relative entropy as an objective. This is significant because prior methods were not able to do so due to mathematical challenges posed by the gradient evaluation. We present two novel methods for solving this problem. The first proposal addresses it, for a class of restricted quantum Boltzmann machines with mutually commuting Hamiltonians on the hidden units, by using a variational upper bound on the quantum relative entropy. The second one uses high-order divided difference methods and linear-combinations of unitaries to approximate the exact gradient of the relative entropy for a generic quantum Boltzmann machine. Both methods are efficient under the assumption that Gibbs state preparation is efficient and that the Hamiltonian are given by a sparse row-computable matrix. 

110__ A Bulirsch-Stoer algorithm using Gaussian processes__arXiv:1905.09892
Author: Philip G. Breen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09892
 Abstract: In this paper, we treat the problem of evaluating the asymptotic error in a numerical integration scheme as one with inherent uncertainty. Adding to the growing field of probabilistic numerics, we show that Gaussian process regression (GPR) can be embedded into a numerical integration scheme to allow for (i) robust selection of the adaptive step-size parameter and; (ii) uncertainty quantification in predictions of putatively converged numerical solutions. We present two examples of our approach using Richardson's extrapolation technique and the Bulirsch-Stoer algorithm. In scenarios where the error-surface is smooth and bounded, our proposed approach can match the results of the traditional polynomial (parametric) extrapolation methods. In scenarios where the error surface is not well approximated by a finite-order polynomial, e.g. in the vicinity of a pole or in the assessment of a chaotic system, traditional methods can fail, however, the non-parametric GPR approach demonstrates the potential to continue to furnish reasonable solutions in these situations. 

111__ A graph deep neural network model using tree-based ensemble  classifiers for feature extraction__arXiv:1905.09889
Author: Yunchuan Kong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09889
 Abstract: A unique challenge in predictive model building for omics data has been the small number of samples $(n)$ versus the large amount of features $(p)$. This "$n\ll p$" property brings difficulties for disease outcome classification using deep learning techniques. Sparse learning by incorporating external gene network information such as the graph-embedded deep feedforward network (GEDFN) model has been a solution to this issue. However, such methods require an existing feature graph, and potential mis-specification of the feature graph can be harmful on classification and feature selection. To address this limitation and develop a robust classification model without relying on external knowledge, we propose a \underline{for}est \underline{g}raph-\underline{e}mbedded deep feedforward \underline{net}work (forgeNet) model, to integrate the GEDFN architecture with a forest feature graph extractor, so that the feature graph can be learned in a supervised manner and specifically constructed for a given prediction task. To validate the method's capability, we experimented the forgeNet model with both synthetic and real datasets. The resulting high classification accuracy suggests that the method is a valuable addition to sparse deep learning models for omics data. 

112__ Improving Prognostic Value of CT Deep Radiomic Features in Pancreatic  Ductal Adenocarcinoma Using Transfer Learning__arXiv:1905.09888
Author: Yucheng Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09888
 Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most aggressive cancers with an extremely poor prognosis. Radiomics has shown prognostic ability in multiple types of cancer including PDAC. However, the prognostic value of traditional radiomics pipelines, which are based on hand-crafted radiomic features alone, is limited due to multicollinearity of features and multiple testing problem, and limited performance of conventional machine learning classifiers. Deep learning architectures, such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs), have been shown to outperform traditional techniques in computer vision tasks, such as object detection. However, they require large sample sizes for training which limits their development. As an alternative solution, CNN-based transfer learning has shown the potential for achieving reasonable performance using datasets with small sample sizes. In this work, we developed a CNN-based transfer learning approach for prognostication in PDAC patients for overall survival. The results showed that transfer learning approach outperformed the traditional radiomics model on PDAC data. A transfer learning approach may fill the gap between radiomics and deep learning analytics for cancer prognosis and improve performance beyond what CNNs can achieve using small datasets. 

113__ Scale Invariant Power Iteration__arXiv:1905.09882
Author: Cheolmin Kim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09882
 Abstract: Power iteration has been generalized to solve many interesting problems in machine learning and statistics. Despite its striking success, theoretical understanding of when and how such an algorithm enjoys good convergence property is limited. In this work, we introduce a new class of optimization problems called scale invariant problems and prove that they can be efficiently solved by scale invariant power iteration (SCI-PI) with a generalized convergence guarantee of power iteration. By deriving that a stationary point is an eigenvector of the Hessian evaluated at the point, we show that scale invariant problems indeed resemble the leading eigenvector problem near a local optimum. Also, based on a novel reformulation, we geometrically derive SCI-PI which has a general form of power iteration. The convergence analysis shows that SCI-PI attains local linear convergence with a rate being proportional to the top two eigenvalues of the Hessian at the optimum. Moreover, we discuss some extended settings of scale invariant problems and provide similar convergence results for them. In numerical experiments, we introduce applications to independent component analysis, Gaussian mixtures, and non-negative matrix factorization. Experimental results demonstrate that SCI-PI is competitive to state-of-the-art benchmark algorithms and often yield better solutions. 

114__ Refined Generalization Analysis of Gradient Descent for  Over-parameterized Two-layer Neural Networks with Smooth Activations on  Classification Problems__arXiv:1905.09870
Author: Atsushi Nitanda
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09870
 Abstract: Recently, several studies have proven the global convergence and generalization abilities of the gradient descent method for two-layer ReLU networks by making a positivity assumption of the Gram-matrix of the neural tangent kernel. However, the performance of gradient descent on classification problems has not been well studied, and further investigation of the problem structure is possible. In this work, we present a partially stronger but reasonable assumption for binary classification problems compared to the positivity assumption of the Gram-matrix, where a data distribution can be perfectly classifiable by a tangent model, and we provide a refined generalization analysis of the gradient descent method for two-layer networks with smooth activations. A remarkable point of this study is that our generalization bound has much better dependence on the network width compared to existing results. As a result, our theory significantly enlarges a class of over-parameterized networks having provable generalization ability, with respect to network width, while most studies require much higher over-parameterization. 

115__ Accelerating Langevin Sampling with Birth-death__arXiv:1905.09863
Author: Yulong Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09863
 Abstract: A fundamental problem in Bayesian inference and statistical machine learning is to efficiently sample from multimodal distributions. Due to metastability, multimodal distributions are difficult to sample using standard Markov chain Monte Carlo methods. We propose a new sampling algorithm based on a birth-death mechanism to accelerate the mixing of Langevin diffusion. Our algorithm is motivated by its mean field partial differential equation (PDE), which is a Fokker-Planck equation supplemented by a nonlocal birth-death term. This PDE can be viewed as a gradient flow of the Kullback-Leibler divergence with respect to the Wasserstein-Fisher-Rao metric. We prove that under some assumptions the asymptotic convergence rate of the nonlocal PDE is independent of the potential barrier, in contrast to the exponential dependence in the case of the Langevin diffusion. We illustrate the efficiency of the birth-death accelerated Langevin method through several analytical examples and numerical experiments. 

116__ Computationally Efficient Feature Significance and Importance for  Machine Learning Models__arXiv:1905.09849
Author: Enguerrand Horel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.09849
 Abstract: We develop a simple and computationally efficient significance test for the features of a machine learning model. Our forward-selection approach applies to any model specification, learning task and variable type. The test is non-asymptotic, straightforward to implement, and does not require model refitting. It identifies the statistically significant features as well as feature interactions of any order in a hierarchical manner, and generates a model-free notion of feature importance. Numerical results illustrate its performance. 