------------------------------
Wed, Jun 12  2019
------------------------------
105 new papers today.

001__ Large Scale Structure of Neural Network Loss Landscapes__arXiv:1906.04724
Author: Stanislav Fort
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04724
 Abstract: There are many surprising and perhaps counter-intuitive properties of optimization of deep neural networks. We propose and experimentally verify a unified phenomenological model of the loss landscape that incorporates many of them. High dimensionality plays a key role in our model. Our core idea is to model the loss landscape as a set of high dimensional \emph{wedges} that together form a large-scale, inter-connected structure and towards which optimization is drawn. We first show that hyperparameter choices such as learning rate, network width and $L_2$ regularization, affect the path optimizer takes through the landscape in a similar ways, influencing the large scale curvature of the regions the optimizer explores. Finally, we predict and demonstrate new counter-intuitive properties of the loss-landscape. We show an existence of low loss subspaces connecting a set (not only a pair) of solutions, and verify it experimentally. Finally, we analyze recently popular ensembling techniques for deep networks in the light of our model. 

002__ Data-Free Quantization through Weight Equalization and Bias Correction__arXiv:1906.04721
Author: Markus Nagel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04721
 Abstract: We introduce a data-free quantization method for deep neural networks that does not require fine-tuning or hyperparameter selection. It achieves near-original model performance on common computer vision architectures and tasks. 8-bit fixed-point quantization is essential for efficient inference in modern deep learning hardware architectures. However, quantizing models to run in 8-bit is a non-trivial task, frequently leading to either significant performance reduction or engineering time spent on training a network to be amenable to quantization. Our approach relies on equalizing the weight ranges in the network by making use of a scale-equivariance property of activation functions. In addition the method corrects biases in the error that are introduced during quantization. This improves quantization accuracy performance, and can be applied ubiquitously to almost any model with a straight-forward API call. For common architectures, such as the MobileNet family, we achieve state-of-the-art quantized model performance. We further show that the method also extends to other computer vision architectures and tasks such as semantic segmentation and object detection. 

003__ Learning the Graphical Structure of  Electronic Health Records__arXiv:1906.04716
Author: Edward Choi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04716
 Abstract: Effective modeling of electronic health records (EHR) is rapidly becoming an important topic in both academia and industry. A recent study showed that utilizing the graphical structure underlying EHR data (e.g. relationship between diagnoses and treatments) improves the performance of prediction tasks such as heart failure diagnosis prediction. However, EHR data do not always contain complete structure information. Moreover, when it comes to claims data, structure information is completely unavailable to begin with. Under such circumstances, can we still do better than just treating EHR data as a flat-structured bag-of-features? In this paper, we study the possibility of utilizing the implicit structure of EHR by using the Transformer for prediction tasks on EHR data. Specifically, we argue that the Transformer is a suitable model to learn the hidden EHR structure, and propose the Graph Convolutional Transformer, which uses data statistics to guide the structure learning process. Our model empirically demonstrated superior prediction performance to previous approaches on both synthetic data and publicly available EHR data on encounter-based prediction tasks such as graph reconstruction and readmission prediction, indicating that it can serve as an effective general-purpose representation learning algorithm for EHR data. 

004__ Communication and Memory Efficient Testing of Discrete Distributions__arXiv:1906.04709
Author: Ilias Diakonikolas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04709
 Abstract: We study distribution testing with communication and memory constraints in the following computational models: (1) The {\em one-pass streaming model} where the goal is to minimize the sample complexity of the protocol subject to a memory constraint, and (2) A {\em distributed model} where the data samples reside at multiple machines and the goal is to minimize the communication cost of the protocol. In both these models, we provide efficient algorithms for uniformity/identity testing (goodness of fit) and closeness testing (two sample testing). Moreover, we show nearly-tight lower bounds on (1) the sample complexity of any one-pass streaming tester for uniformity, subject to the memory constraint, and (2) the communication cost of any uniformity testing protocol, in a restricted `one-pass' model of communication. 

005__ Fast and Accurate Least-Mean-Squares Solvers__arXiv:1906.04705
Author: Alaa Maalouf
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04705
 Abstract: Least-mean squares (LMS) solvers such as Linear / Ridge / Lasso-Regression, SVD and Elastic-Net not only solve fundamental machine learning problems, but are also the building blocks in a variety of other methods, such as decision trees and matrix factorizations. We suggest an algorithm that gets a finite set of $n$ $d$-dimensional real vectors and returns a weighted subset of $d+1$ vectors whose sum is \emph{exactly} the same. The proof in Caratheodory's Theorem (1907) computes such a subset in $O(n^2d^2)$ time and thus not used in practice. Our algorithm computes this subset in $O(nd)$ time, using $O(\log n)$ calls to Caratheodory's construction on small but "smart" subsets. This is based on a novel paradigm of fusion between different data summarization techniques, known as sketches and coresets. As an example application, we show how it can be used to boost the performance of existing LMS solvers, such as those in scikit-learn library, up to x100. Generalization for streaming and distributed (big) data is trivial. Extensive experimental results and complete open source code are also provided. 

006__ Variance-reduced $Q$-learning is minimax optimal__arXiv:1906.04697
Author: Martin J. Wainwright
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04697
 Abstract: We introduce and analyze a form of variance-reduced $Q$-learning. For $\gamma$-discounted MDPs with finite state space $\mathcal{X}$ and action space $\mathcal{U}$, we prove that it yields an $\epsilon$-accurate estimate of the optimal $Q$-function in the $\ell_\infty$-norm using $\mathcal{O} \left(\left(\frac{D}{ \epsilon^2 (1-\gamma)^3} \right) \; \log \left( \frac{D}{(1-\gamma)} \right) \right)$ samples, where $D = |\mathcal{X}| \times |\mathcal{U}|$. This guarantee matches known minimax lower bounds up to a logarithmic factor in the discount complexity, and is the first form of model-free $Q$-learning proven to achieve the worst-case optimal cubic scaling in the discount complexity parameter $1/(1-\gamma)$ accompanied by optimal linear scaling in the state and action space sizes. By contrast, our past work shows that ordinary $Q$-learning has worst-case quartic scaling in the discount complexity. 

007__ On Single Source Robustness in Deep Fusion Models__arXiv:1906.04691
Author: Taewan Kim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04691
 Abstract: Algorithms that fuse multiple input sources benefit from both complementary and shared information. Shared information may provide robustness to faulty or noisy inputs, which is indispensable for safety-critical applications like self-driving cars. We investigate learning fusion algorithms that are robust against noise added to a single source. We first demonstrate that robustness against single source noise is not guaranteed in a linear fusion model. Motivated by this discovery, two possible approaches are proposed to increase robustness: a carefully designed loss with corresponding training algorithms for deep fusion models, and a simple convolutional fusion layer that has a structural advantage in dealing with noise. Experimental results show that both training algorithms and our fusion layer make a deep fusion-based 3D object detector robust against noise applied to a single source, while preserving the original performance on clean data. 

008__ An Improved Analysis of Training Over-parameterized Deep Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04688
Author: Difan Zou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04688
 Abstract: A recent line of research has shown that gradient-based algorithms with random initialization can converge to the global minima of the training loss for over-parameterized (i.e., sufficiently wide) deep neural networks. However, the condition on the width of the neural network to ensure the global convergence is very stringent, which is often a high-degree polynomial in the training sample size $n$ (e.g., $O(n^{24})$). In this paper, we provide an improved analysis of the global convergence of (stochastic) gradient descent for training deep neural networks, which only requires a milder over-parameterization condition than previous work in terms of the training sample size and other problem-dependent parameters. The main technical contributions of our analysis include (a) a tighter gradient lower bound that leads to a faster convergence of the algorithm, and (b) a sharper characterization of the trajectory length of the algorithm. By specializing our result to two-layer (i.e., one-hidden-layer) neural networks, it also provides a milder over-parameterization condition than the best-known result in prior work. 

009__ Efficient Kernel-based Subsequence Search for User Identification from  Walking Activity__arXiv:1906.04680
Author: Candelieri Antonio
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04680
 Abstract: This paper presents an efficient approach for subsequence search in data streams. The problem consists in identifying coherent repetitions of a given reference time-series, eventually multi-variate, within a longer data stream. Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) is the metric most widely used to implement pattern query, but its computational complexity is a well-known issue. In this paper we present an approach aimed at learning a kernel able to approximate DTW to be used for efficiently analyse streaming data collected from wearable sensors, reducing the burden of computation. Contrary to kernel, DTW allows for comparing time series with different length. Thus, to use a kernel, a feature embedding is used to represent a time-series as a fixed length vector. Each vector component is the DTW between the given time-series and a set of 'basis' series, usually randomly chosen. The vector size is the number of basis series used for the feature embedding. Searching for the portion of the data stream minimizing the DTW with the reference subsequence leads to a global optimization problem. The proposed approach has been validated on a benchmark dataset related to the identification of users depending on their walking activity. A comparison with a traditional DTW implementation is also provided. 

010__ A Taxonomy of Channel Pruning Signals in CNNs__arXiv:1906.04675
Author: Kaveena Persand
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04675
 Abstract: Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are widely used for classification problems. However, they often require large amounts of computation and memory which are not readily available in resource constrained systems. Pruning unimportant parameters from CNNs to reduce these requirements has been a subject of intensive research in recent years. However, novel approaches in pruning signals are sometimes difficult to compare against each other. We propose a taxonomy that classifies pruning signals based on four mostly-orthogonal components of the signal. We also empirically evaluate 396 pruning signals including existing ones, and new signals constructed from the components of existing signals. We find that some of our newly constructed signals outperform the best existing pruning signals. 

011__ Learning Selection Masks for Deep Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04673
Author: Stefan Oehmcke
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04673
 Abstract: Data have often to be moved between servers and clients during the inference phase. For instance, modern virtual assistants collect data on mobile devices and the data are sent to remote servers for the analysis. A related scenario is that clients have to access and download large amounts of data stored on servers in order to apply machine learning models. Depending on the available bandwidth, this data transfer can be a serious bottleneck, which can significantly limit the application machine learning models. In this work, we propose a simple yet effective framework that allows to select certain parts of the input data needed for the subsequent application of a given neural network. Both the masks as well as the neural network are trained simultaneously such that a good model performance is achieved while, at the same time, only a minimal amount of data is selected by the masks. During the inference phase, only the parts selected by the masks have to be transferred between the server and the client. Our experimental evaluation indicates that it is, for certain learning tasks, possible to significantly reduce the amount of data needed to be transferred without affecting the model performance much. 

012__ Extracting Interpretable Concept-Based Decision Trees from CNNs__arXiv:1906.04664
Author: Conner Chyung
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04664
 Abstract: In an attempt to gather a deeper understanding of how convolutional neural networks (CNNs) reason about human-understandable concepts, we present a method to infer labeled concept data from hidden layer activations and interpret the concepts through a shallow decision tree. The decision tree can provide information about which concepts a model deems important, as well as provide an understanding how the concepts interact with each other. Experiments demonstrate that the extracted decision tree is capable of accurately representing the original CNN's classifications at low tree depths, thus encouraging human-in-the-loop understanding of discriminative concepts. 

013__ Faster Algorithms for High-Dimensional Robust Covariance Estimation__arXiv:1906.04661
Author: Yu Cheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04661
 Abstract: We study the problem of estimating the covariance matrix of a high-dimensional distribution when a small constant fraction of the samples can be arbitrarily corrupted. Recent work gave the first polynomial time algorithms for this problem with near-optimal error guarantees for several natural structured distributions. Our main contribution is to develop faster algorithms for this problem whose running time nearly matches that of computing the empirical covariance. Given $N = \tilde{\Omega}(d^2/\epsilon^2)$ samples from a $d$-dimensional Gaussian distribution, an $\epsilon$-fraction of which may be arbitrarily corrupted, our algorithm runs in time $\tilde{O}(d^{3.26})/\mathrm{poly}(\epsilon)$ and approximates the unknown covariance matrix to optimal error up to a logarithmic factor. Previous robust algorithms with comparable error guarantees all have runtimes $\tilde{\Omega}(d^{2 \omega})$ when $\epsilon = \Omega(1)$, where $\omega$ is the exponent of matrix multiplication. We also provide evidence that improving the running time of our algorithm may require new algorithmic techniques. 

014__ Dynamical Anatomy of NARMA10 Benchmark Task__arXiv:1906.04608
Author: Tomoyuki Kubota
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04608
 Abstract: The emulation task of a nonlinear autoregressive moving average model, i.e., the NARMA10 task, has been widely used as a benchmark task for recurrent neural networks, especially in reservoir computing. However, the type and quantity of computational capabilities required to emulate the NARMA10 model remain unclear, and, to date, the NARMA10 task has been utilized blindly. Therefore, in this study, we have investigated the properties of the NARMA10 model from a dynamical system perspective. We revealed its bifurcation structure and basin of attraction, as well as the system's Lyapunov spectra. Furthermore, we have analyzed the computational capabilities required to emulate the NARMA10 model by decomposing it into multiple combinations of orthogonal nonlinear polynomials using Legendre polynomials, and we directly evaluated its information processing capacity together with its dependencies on some system parameters. The result demonstrates that the NARMA10 model contains an unstable region in the phase space that makes the system diverge according to the selection of the input range and initial conditions. Furthermore, the information processing capacity of the model varies according to the input range. These properties prevent safe application of this model and fair comparisons among experiments, which are unfavorable for a benchmark task. As result, we propose a benchmark model that can clearly evaluate equivalent computational capacity using NARMA10. Compared to the original NARMA10 model, the proposed model is highly stable and robust against the input range settings. 

015__ A Coupled Neural ODE Evolution Framework__arXiv:1906.04596
Author: Tianjun Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04596
 Abstract: It has been observed that residual networks can be viewed as the explicit Euler discretization of an Ordinary Differential Equation (ODE). This observation motivated the introduction of so-called Neural ODEs, which allow more general discretization schemes with adaptive time stepping. Here, we propose ANODEV2, which is an extension of this approach that also allows evolution of the neural network parameters, in a coupled ODE-based formulation. The Neural ODE method introduced earlier is in fact a special case of this new more general framework. We present the formulation of ANODEV2, derive optimality conditions, and implement a coupled reaction-diffusion-advection version of this framework in PyTorch. We present empirical results using several different configurations of ANODEV2, testing them on multiple models on CIFAR-10. We report results showing that this coupled ODE-based framework is indeed trainable, and that it achieves higher accuracy, as compared to the baseline models as well as the recently-proposed Neural ODE approach. 

016__ Evaluating aleatoric and epistemic uncertainties of time series deep  learning models for soil moisture predictions__arXiv:1906.04595
Author: Kuai Fang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04595
 Abstract: Soil moisture is an important variable that determines floods, vegetation health, agriculture productivity, and land surface feedbacks to the atmosphere, etc. Accurately modeling soil moisture has important implications in both weather and climate models. The recently available satellite-based observations give us a unique opportunity to build data-driven models to predict soil moisture instead of using land surface models, but previously there was no uncertainty estimate. We tested Monte Carlo dropout (MCD) with an aleatoric term for our long short-term memory models for this problem, and asked if the uncertainty terms behave as they were argued to. We show that the method successfully captures the predictive error after tuning a hyperparameter on a representative training dataset. We show the MCD uncertainty estimate, as previously argued, does detect dissimilarity. 

017__ Deep Reinforcement Learning with Discrete Normalized Advantage Functions  for Resource Management in Network Slicing__arXiv:1906.04594
Author: Chen Qi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04594
 Abstract: Network slicing promises to provision diversified services with distinct requirements in one infrastructure. Deep reinforcement learning (e.g., deep $\mathcal{Q}$-learning, DQL) is assumed to be an appropriate algorithm to solve the demand-aware inter-slice resource management issue in network slicing by regarding the varying demands and the allocated bandwidth as the environment state and the action, respectively. However, allocating bandwidth in a finer resolution usually implies larger action space, and unfortunately DQL fails to quickly converge in this case. In this paper, we introduce discrete normalized advantage functions (DNAF) into DQL, by separating the $\mathcal{Q}$-value function as a state-value function term and an advantage term and exploiting a deterministic policy gradient descent (DPGD) algorithm to avoid the unnecessary calculation of $\mathcal{Q}$-value for every state-action pair. Furthermore, as DPGD only works in continuous action space, we embed a k-nearest neighbor algorithm into DQL to quickly find a valid action in the discrete space nearest to the DPGD output. Finally, we verify the faster convergence of the DNAF-based DQL through extensive simulations. 

018__ Proposition d'une nouvelle approche d'extraction des motifs ferm¨¦s  fr¨¦quents__arXiv:1906.04586
Author: Ons Khemiri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04586
 Abstract: This work is done as part of a master's thesis project. The increase in the volume of data has given rise to various issues related to the collection, storage, analysis and exploitation of these data in order to create an added value. In this master, we are interested in the search of frequent closed patterns in the transaction bases. One way to process data is to partition the search space into subcontexts, and then explore the subcontexts simultaneously. In this context, we have proposed a new approach for extracting frequent closed itemsets. The main idea is to update frequent closed patterns with their minimal generators by applying a strategy of partitioning of the initial extraction context. Our new approach called UFCIGs-DAC was designed and implemented to perform a search in the test bases. The main originality of this approach is the simultaneous exploration of the research space by the update of the frequent closed patterns and the minimal generators. Moreover, our approach can be adapted to any algorithm of extraction of the frequent closed patterns with their minimal generators. 

019__ Gossip-based Actor-Learner Architectures for Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.04585
Author: Mahmoud Assran
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04585
 Abstract: Multi-simulator training has contributed to the recent success of Deep Reinforcement Learning by stabilizing learning and allowing for higher training throughputs. We propose Gossip-based Actor-Learner Architectures (GALA) where several actor-learners (such as A2C agents) are organized in a peer-to-peer communication topology, and exchange information through asynchronous gossip in order to take advantage of a large number of distributed simulators. We prove that GALA agents remain within an epsilon-ball of one-another during training when using loosely coupled asynchronous communication. By reducing the amount of synchronization between agents, GALA is more computationally efficient and scalable compared to A2C, its fully-synchronous counterpart. GALA also outperforms A2C, being more robust and sample efficient. We show that we can run several loosely coupled GALA agents in parallel on a single GPU and achieve significantly higher hardware utilization and frame-rates than vanilla A2C at comparable power draws. 

020__ Provably Robust Deep Learning via Adversarially Trained Smoothed  Classifiers__arXiv:1906.04584
Author: Hadi Salman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04584
 Abstract: Recent works have shown the effectiveness of randomized smoothing as a scalable technique for building neural network-based classifiers that are provably robust to $\ell_2$-norm adversarial perturbations. In this paper, we employ adversarial training to improve the performance of randomized smoothing. We design an adapted attack for smoothed classifiers, and we show how this attack can be used in an adversarial training setting to boost the provable robustness of smoothed classifiers. We demonstrate through extensive experimentation that our method consistently outperforms all existing provably $\ell_2$-robust classifiers by a significant margin on ImageNet and CIFAR-10, establishing the state-of-the-art for provable $\ell_2$-defenses. Our code and trained models are available at this http URL . 

021__ DropConnect Is Effective in Modeling Uncertainty of Bayesian Deep  Networks__arXiv:1906.04569
Author: Aryan Mobiny
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04569
 Abstract: Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved state-of-the-art performances in many important domains, including medical diagnosis, security, and autonomous driving. In these domains where safety is highly critical, an erroneous decision can result in serious consequences. While a perfect prediction accuracy is not always achievable, recent work on Bayesian deep networks shows that it is possible to know when DNNs are more likely to make mistakes. Knowing what DNNs do not know is desirable to increase the safety of deep learning technology in sensitive applications. Bayesian neural networks attempt to address this challenge. However, traditional approaches are computationally intractable and do not scale well to large, complex neural network architectures. In this paper, we develop a theoretical framework to approximate Bayesian inference for DNNs by imposing a Bernoulli distribution on the model weights. This method, called MC-DropConnect, gives us a tool to represent the model uncertainty with little change in the overall model structure or computational cost. We extensively validate the proposed algorithm on multiple network architectures and datasets for classification and semantic segmentation tasks. We also propose new metrics to quantify the uncertainty estimates. This enables an objective comparison between MC-DropConnect and prior approaches. Our empirical results demonstrate that the proposed framework yields significant improvement in both prediction accuracy and uncertainty estimation quality compared to the state of the art. 

022__ k-Nearest Neighbor Optimization via Randomized Hyperstructure Convex  Hull__arXiv:1906.04559
Author: Jasper Kyle Catapang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04559
 Abstract: In the k-nearest neighbor algorithm (k-NN), the determination of classes for test instances is usually performed via a majority vote system, which may ignore the similarities among data. In this research, the researcher proposes an approach to fine-tune the selection of neighbors to be passed to the majority vote system through the construction of a random n-dimensional hyperstructure around the test instance by introducing a new threshold parameter. The accuracy of the proposed k-NN algorithm is 85.71%, while the accuracy of the conventional k-NN algorithm is 80.95% when performed on the Haberman's Cancer Survival dataset, and 94.44% for the proposed k-NN algorithm, compared to the conventional's 88.89% accuracy score on the Seeds dataset. The proposed k-NN algorithm is also on par with the conventional support vector machine algorithm accuracy, even on the Banknote Authentication and Iris datasets, even surpassing the accuracy of support vector machine on the Seeds dataset. 

023__ Exploiting the sign of the advantage function to learn deterministic  policies in continuous domains__arXiv:1906.04556
Author: Matthieu Zimmer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04556
 Abstract: In the context of learning deterministic policies in continuous domains, we revisit an approach, which was first proposed in Continuous Actor Critic Learning Automaton (CACLA) and later extended in Neural Fitted Actor Critic (NFAC). This approach is based on a policy update different from that of deterministic policy gradient (DPG). Previous work has observed its excellent performance empirically, but a theoretical justification is lacking. To fill this gap, we provide a theoretical explanation to motivate this unorthodox policy update by relating it to another update and making explicit the objective function of the latter. We furthermore discuss in depth the properties of these updates to get a deeper understanding of the overall approach. In addition, we extend it and propose a new trust region algorithm, Penalized NFAC (PeNFAC). Finally, we experimentally demonstrate in several classic control problems that it surpasses the state-of-the-art algorithms to learn deterministic policies. 

024__ Fast Rates for a kNN Classifier Robust to Unknown Asymmetric Label Noise__arXiv:1906.04542
Author: Henry W. J. Reeve
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04542
 Abstract: We consider classification in the presence of class-dependent asymmetric label noise with unknown noise probabilities. In this setting, identifiability conditions are known, but additional assumptions were shown to be required for finite sample rates, and so far only the parametric rate has been obtained. Assuming these identifiability conditions, together with a measure-smoothness condition on the regression function and Tsybakov's margin condition, we show that the Robust kNN classifier of Gao et al. attains, the minimax optimal rates of the noise-free setting, up to a log factor, even when trained on data with unknown asymmetric label noise. Hence, our results provide a solid theoretical backing for this empirically successful algorithm. By contrast the standard kNN is not even consistent in the setting of asymmetric label noise. A key idea in our analysis is a simple kNN based method for estimating the maximum of a function that requires far less assumptions than existing mode estimators do, and which may be of independent interest for noise proportion estimation and randomised optimisation problems. 

025__ A refined primal-dual analysis of the implicit bias__arXiv:1906.04540
Author: Ziwei Ji
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04540
 Abstract: Recent work shows that gradient descent on linearly separable data is implicitly biased towards the maximum margin solution. However, no convergence rate which is tight in both n (the dataset size) and t (the training time) is given. This work proves that the normalized gradient descent iterates converge to the maximum margin solution at a rate of O(ln(n)/ ln(t)), which is tight in both n and t. The proof is via a dual convergence result: gradient descent induces a multiplicative weights update on the (normalized) SVM dual objective, whose convergence rate leads to the tight implicit bias rate. 

026__ Standardized sub-graphs from WikiData__arXiv:1906.04536
Author: Armand Boschin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04536
 Abstract: Developing new ideas and algorithms in the fields of graph processing and relational learning requires datasets to work with and WikiData is the largest open source knowledge graph involving more than fifty millions entities. It is larger than needed in many cases and even too large to be processed easily but it is still a goldmine of relevant facts and subgraphs. Using this graph is time consuming and prone to task specific tuning which can affect reproducibility of results. Providing a unified framework to extract topic-specific subgraphs solves this problem and allows researchers to evaluate algorithms on common datasets. This paper presents various topic-specific subgraphs of WikiData along with the generic Python code used to extract them. These datasets can help develop new methods of knowledge graph processing and relational learning. 

027__ A method for compressed representation and learning in CNNs__arXiv:1906.04509
Author: Muhammad Tayyab
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04509
 Abstract: It is well known that Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have significant redundancy in their filter weights. Various methods have been proposed in the literature to compress trained CNNs. These include techniques like pruning weights, filter quantization and representing filters in terms of a basis functions. Our approach falls in this latter class of strategies, but is distinct in that that we show both compressed learning and representation can be achieved without significant modifications of popular CNN architectures. Specifically, any convolution layer of the CNN is easily replaced by two successive convolution layers: the first is a set of fixed filters (that represent the knowledge space of the entire layer and do not change), which is followed by a layer of one-dimensional filters (that represent the learned knowledge in this space). For the pre-trained networks, the fixed layer is just the truncated eigen-decompositions of the original filters. The 1D filters are initialized as the weights of linear combination, but are fine-tuned to recover any performance loss due to the truncation. For training networks from scratch, we use a set of random orthogonal fixed filters (that never change), and learn the 1D weight vector directly from the labeled data. Our method substantially reduces i) the number of learnable parameters during training, and ii) the number of multiplication operations and filter storage requirements during implementation. It does so without requiring any special operators in the convolution layer, and extends to all known popular CNN architectures. We apply our method to four well known network architectures trained with three different data sets. Results show a consistent reduction in i) the number of operations by up to a factor of 5, and ii) number of learnable parameters by up to a factor of 18, with less than 3% drop in performance on the CIFAR100 dataset. 

028__ Optimizing Pipelined Computation and Communication for  Latency-Constrained Edge Learning__arXiv:1906.04488
Author: Nicolas Skatchkovsky
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04488
 Abstract: Consider a device that is connected to an edge processor via a communication channel. The device holds local data that is to be offloaded to the edge processor so as to train a machine learning model, e.g., for regression or classification. Transmission of the data to the learning processor, as well as training based on Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD), must be both completed within a time limit. Assuming that communication and computation can be pipelined, this letter investigates the optimal choice for the packet payload size, given the overhead of each data packet transmission and the ratio between the computation and the communication rates. This amounts to a tradeoff between bias and variance, since communicating the entire data set first reduces the bias of the training process but it may not leave sufficient time for learning. Analytical bounds on the expected optimality gap are derived so as to enable an effective optimization, which is validated in numerical results. 

029__ Causal Discovery with Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.04477
Author: Shengyu Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04477
 Abstract: Discovering causal structure among a set of variables is a fundamental problem in many empirical sciences. Traditional score-based casual discovery methods rely on various local heuristics to search for a directly acyclic graph (DAG) according to a predefined score function. While these methods, e.g., greedy equivalence search (GES), may have attractive results with infinite samples and certain model assumptions, they are less satisfactory in practice due to finite data and possible violation of assumptions. Motivated by recent advances in neural combinatorial optimization, we propose to use reinforcement learning (RL) to search for the DAG with the best scoring. Our encoder-decoder model takes observable data as input and generates graph adjacency matrices that are used to compute corresponding rewards. The reward incorporates both the predefined score function and two penalty terms for enforcing acyclicity. In contrast with typical RL applications where the goal is to learn a policy, we use RL as a search strategy and our final output would be the graph, among all graphs generated during training, that achieves the best reward. We conduct experiments on both synthetic and real data, and show that the proposed approach not only has an improved search ability but also allows for a flexible score function under the acyclicity constraint. 

030__ Continual Reinforcement Learning deployed in Real-life using Policy  Distillation and Sim2Real Transfer__arXiv:1906.04452
Author: Ren¨¦ Traor¨¦
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04452
 Abstract: We focus on the problem of teaching a robot to solve tasks presented sequentially, i.e., in a continual learning scenario. The robot should be able to solve all tasks it has encountered, without forgetting past tasks. We provide preliminary work on applying Reinforcement Learning to such setting, on 2D navigation tasks for a 3 wheel omni-directional robot. Our approach takes advantage of state representation learning and policy distillation. Policies are trained using learned features as input, rather than raw observations, allowing better sample efficiency. Policy distillation is used to combine multiple policies into a single one that solves all encountered tasks. 

031__ Quantifying Intrinsic Uncertainty in Classification via Deep Dirichlet  Mixture Networks__arXiv:1906.04450
Author: Qingyang Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04450
 Abstract: With the widespread success of deep neural networks in science and technology, it is becoming increasingly important to quantify the uncertainty of the predictions produced by deep learning. In this paper, we introduce a new method that attaches an explicit uncertainty statement to the probabilities of classification using deep neural networks. Precisely, we view that the classification probabilities are sampled from an unknown distribution, and we propose to learn this distribution through the Dirichlet mixture that is flexible enough for approximating any continuous distribution on the simplex. We then construct credible intervals from the learned distribution to assess the uncertainty of the classification probabilities. Our approach is easy to implement, computationally efficient, and can be coupled with any deep neural network architecture. Our method leverages the crucial observation that, in many classification applications such as medical diagnosis, more than one class labels are available for each observational unit. We demonstrate the usefulness of our approach through simulations and a real data example. error here, check on website.

033__ Evolutionary Trigger Set Generation for DNN Black-Box Watermarking__arXiv:1906.04411
Author: Jia Guo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04411
 Abstract: The commercialization of deep learning creates a compelling need for intellectual property (IP) protection. Deep neural network (DNN) watermarking has been proposed as a promising tool to help model owners prove ownership and fight piracy. A popular approach of watermarking is to train a DNN to recognize images with certain \textit{trigger} patterns. In this paper, we propose a novel evolutionary algorithm-based method to generate and optimize trigger patterns. Our method brings a siginificant reduction in false positive rates, leading to compelling proof of ownership. At the same time, it maintains the robustness of the watermark against attacks. We compare our method with the prior art and demonstrate its effectiveness on popular models and datasets. 

034__ Coupled Variational Recurrent Collaborative Filtering__arXiv:1906.04386
Author: Qingquan Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04386
 Abstract: We focus on the problem of streaming recommender system and explore novel collaborative filtering algorithms to handle the data dynamicity and complexity in a streaming manner. Although deep neural networks have demonstrated the effectiveness of recommendation tasks, it is lack of explorations on integrating probabilistic models and deep architectures under streaming recommendation settings. Conjoining the complementary advantages of probabilistic models and deep neural networks could enhance both model effectiveness and the understanding of inference uncertainties. To bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose a Coupled Variational Recurrent Collaborative Filtering (CVRCF) framework based on the idea of Deep Bayesian Learning to handle the streaming recommendation problem. The framework jointly combines stochastic processes and deep factorization models under a Bayesian paradigm to model the generation and evolution of users' preferences and items' popularities. To ensure efficient optimization and streaming update, we further propose a sequential variational inference algorithm based on a cross variational recurrent neural network structure. Experimental results on three benchmark datasets demonstrate that the proposed framework performs favorably against the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both temporal dependency modeling and predictive accuracy. The learned latent variables also provide visualized interpretations for the evolution of temporal dynamics. 

035__ Representation Learning-Assisted Click-Through Rate Prediction__arXiv:1906.04365
Author: Wentao Ouyang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04365
 Abstract: Click-through rate (CTR) prediction is a critical task in online advertising systems. Most existing methods mainly model the feature-CTR relationship and suffer from the data sparsity issue. In this paper, we propose DeepMCP, which models other types of relationships in order to learn more informative and statistically reliable feature representations, and in consequence to improve the performance of CTR prediction. In particular, DeepMCP contains three parts: a matching subnet, a correlation subnet and a prediction subnet. These subnets model the user-ad, ad-ad and feature-CTR relationship respectively. When these subnets are jointly optimized under the supervision of the target labels, the learned feature representations have both good prediction powers and good representation abilities. Experiments on two large-scale datasets demonstrate that DeepMCP outperforms several state-of-the-art models for CTR prediction. 

036__ Weight Agnostic Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04358
Author: Adam Gaier
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04358
 Abstract: Not all neural network architectures are created equal, some perform much better than others for certain tasks. But how important are the weight parameters of a neural network compared to its architecture? In this work, we question to what extent neural network architectures alone, without learning any weight parameters, can encode solutions for a given task. We propose a search method for neural network architectures that can already perform a task without any explicit weight training. To evaluate these networks, we populate the connections with a single shared weight parameter sampled from a uniform random distribution, and measure the expected performance. We demonstrate that our method can find minimal neural network architectures that can perform several reinforcement learning tasks without weight training. On a supervised learning domain, we find network architectures that achieve much higher than chance accuracy on MNIST using random weights. Interactive version of this paper at this https URL 

037__ Ultra Fast Medoid Identification via Correlated Sequential Halving__arXiv:1906.04356
Author: Tavor Z. Baharav
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04356
 Abstract: The medoid of a set of $n$ points is the point in the set that minimizes the sum of distances to other points. Computing the medoid can be solved exactly in $O(n^2)$ time by computing the distances between all pairs of points. Previous work shows that one can significantly reduce the number of distance computations needed by adaptively querying distances. The resulting randomized algorithm is obtained by a direct conversion of the computation problem to a multi-armed bandit statistical inference problem. In this work, we show that we can better exploit the structure of the underlying computation problem by modifying the traditional bandit sampling strategy and using it in conjunction with a suitably chosen multi-armed bandit algorithm. Four to five orders of magnitude gains over exact computation are obtained on real data, in terms of both number of distance computations needed and wall clock time. Theoretical results are obtained to quantify such gains in terms of data parameters. Our code is publicly available online at this https URL 

038__ Learning Powerful Policies by Using Consistent Dynamics Model__arXiv:1906.04355
Author: Shagun Sodhani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04355
 Abstract: Model-based Reinforcement Learning approaches have the promise of being sample efficient. Much of the progress in learning dynamics models in RL has been made by learning models via supervised learning. But traditional model-based approaches lead to `compounding errors' when the model is unrolled step by step. Essentially, the state transitions that the learner predicts (by unrolling the model for multiple steps) and the state transitions that the learner experiences (by acting in the environment) may not be consistent. There is enough evidence that humans build a model of the environment, not only by observing the environment but also by interacting with the environment. Interaction with the environment allows humans to carry out experiments: taking actions that help uncover true causal relationships which can be used for building better dynamics models. Analogously, we would expect such interactions to be helpful for a learning agent while learning to model the environment dynamics. In this paper, we build upon this intuition by using an auxiliary cost function to ensure consistency between what the agent observes (by acting in the real world) and what it imagines (by acting in the `learned' world). We consider several tasks - Mujoco based control tasks and Atari games - and show that the proposed approach helps to train powerful policies and better dynamics models. 

039__ Wasserstein Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.04349
Author: Aldo Pacchiano
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04349
 Abstract: We propose behavior-driven optimization via Wasserstein distances (WDs) to improve several classes of state-of-the-art reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms. We show that WD regularizers acting on appropriate policy embeddings efficiently incorporate behavioral characteristics into policy optimization. We demonstrate that they improve Evolution Strategy methods by encouraging more efficient exploration, can be applied in imitation learning and to speed up training of Trust Region Policy Optimization methods. Since the exact computation of WDs is expensive, we develop approximate algorithms based on the combination of different methods: dual formulation of the optimal transport problem, alternating optimization and random feature maps, to effectively replace exact WD computations in the RL tasks considered. We provide theoretical analysis of our algorithms and exhaustive empirical evaluation in a variety of RL settings. 

040__ Importance Resampling for Off-policy Prediction__arXiv:1906.04328
Author: Matthew Schlegel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04328
 Abstract: Importance sampling (IS) is a common reweighting strategy for off-policy prediction in reinforcement learning. While it is consistent and unbiased, it can result in high variance updates to the weights for the value function. In this work, we explore a resampling strategy as an alternative to reweighting. We propose Importance Resampling (IR) for off-policy prediction, which resamples experience from a replay buffer and applies standard on-policy updates. The approach avoids using importance sampling ratios in the update, instead correcting the distribution before the update. We characterize the bias and consistency of IR, particularly compared to Weighted IS (WIS). We demonstrate in several microworlds that IR has improved sample efficiency and lower variance updates, as compared to IS and several variance-reduced IS strategies, including variants of WIS and V-trace which clips IS ratios. We also provide a demonstration showing IR improves over IS for learning a value function from images in a racing car simulator. 

041__ Adaptively Preconditioned Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics__arXiv:1906.04324
Author: Chandrasekaran Anirudh Bhardwaj
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04324
 Abstract: Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics infuses isotropic gradient noise to SGD to help navigate pathological curvature in the loss landscape for deep networks. Isotropic nature of the noise leads to poor scaling, and adaptive methods based on higher order curvature information such as Fisher Scoring have been proposed to precondition the noise in order to achieve better convergence. In this paper, we describe an adaptive method to estimate the parameters of the noise and conduct experiments on well-known model architectures to show that the adaptively preconditioned SGLD method achieves convergence with the speed of adaptive first order methods such as Adam, AdaGrad etc. and achieves generalization equivalent of SGD in the test set. 

042__ Associative Convolutional Layers__arXiv:1906.04309
Author: Hamed Omidvar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04309
 Abstract: Motivated by the necessity for parameter efficiency in distributed machine learning and AI-enabled edge devices, we provide a general and easy to implement method for significantly reducing the number of parameters of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), during both the training and inference phases. We introduce a simple auxiliary neural network which can generate the convolutional filters of any CNN architecture from a low dimensional latent space. This auxiliary neural network, which we call "Convolutional Slice Generator" (CSG), is unique to the network and provides the association between its convolutional layers. During the training of the CNN, instead of training the filters of the convolutional layers, only the parameters of the CSG and their corresponding `code vectors' are trained. This results in a significant reduction of the number of parameters due to the fact that the CNN can be fully represented using only the parameters of the CSG, the code vectors, the fully connected layers, and the architecture of the CNN. To show the capability of our method, we apply it to ResNet and DenseNet architectures, using the CIFAR-10 dataset without any hyper-parameter tuning. Experiments show that our approach, even when applied to already compressed and efficient CNNs such as DenseNet-BC, significantly reduces the number of network parameters. In two models based on DenseNet-BC with $\approx 2\times$ reduction in one of them we had a slight improvement in accuracy and in another one, with $\approx 2\times$ reduction the change in accuracy is negligible. In case of ResNet-56, $\approx 2.5\times$ reduction leads to an accuracy loss within $1\%$. 

043__ Meta-Learning Neural Bloom Filters__arXiv:1906.04304
Author: Jack W Rae
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04304
 Abstract: There has been a recent trend in training neural networks to replace data structures that have been crafted by hand, with an aim for faster execution, better accuracy, or greater compression. In this setting, a neural data structure is instantiated by training a network over many epochs of its inputs until convergence. In applications where inputs arrive at high throughput, or are ephemeral, training a network from scratch is not practical. This motivates the need for few-shot neural data structures. In this paper we explore the learning of approximate set membership over a set of data in one-shot via meta-learning. We propose a novel memory architecture, the Neural Bloom Filter, which is able to achieve significant compression gains over classical Bloom Filters and existing memory-augmented neural networks. 

044__ Transfer Learning for Ultrasound Tongue Contour Extraction with  Different Domains__arXiv:1906.04301
Author: M. Hamed Mozaffari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04301
 Abstract: Medical ultrasound technology is widely used in routine clinical applications such as disease diagnosis and treatment as well as other applications like real-time monitoring of human tongue shapes and motions as visual feedback in second language training. Due to the low-contrast characteristic and noisy nature of ultrasound images, it might require expertise for non-expert users to recognize tongue gestures. Manual tongue segmentation is a cumbersome, subjective, and error-prone task. Furthermore, it is not a feasible solution for real-time applications. In the last few years, deep learning methods have been used for delineating and tracking tongue dorsum. Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs), which have shown to be successful in medical image analysis tasks, are typically weak for the same task on different domains. In many cases, DCNNs trained on data acquired with one ultrasound device, do not perform well on data of varying ultrasound device or acquisition protocol. Domain adaptation is an alternative solution for this difficulty by transferring the weights from the model trained on a large annotated legacy dataset to a new model for adapting on another different dataset using fine-tuning. In this study, after conducting extensive experiments, we addressed the problem of domain adaptation on small ultrasound datasets for tongue contour extraction. We trained a U-net network comprises of an encoder-decoder path from scratch, and then with several surrogate scenarios, some parts of the trained network were fine-tuned on another dataset as the domain-adapted networks. We repeat scenarios from target to source domains to find a balance point for knowledge transfer from source to target and vice versa. The performance of new fine-tuned networks was evaluated on the same task with images from different domains. 

045__ Analysis Of Momentum Methods__arXiv:1906.04285
Author: Nikola B. Kovachki
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04285
 Abstract: Gradient decent-based optimization methods underpin the parameter training which results in the impressive results now found when testing neural networks. Introducing stochasticity is key to their success in practical problems, and there is some understanding of the role of stochastic gradient decent in this context. Momentum modifications of gradient decent such as Polyak's Heavy Ball method (HB) and Nesterov's method of accelerated gradients (NAG), are widely adopted. In this work, our focus is on understanding the role of momentum in the training of neural networks, concentrating on the common situation in which the momentum contribution is fixed at each step of the algorithm; to expose the ideas simply we work in the deterministic setting. We show that, contrary to popular belief, standard implementations of fixed momentum methods do no more than act to rescale the learning rate. We achieve this by showing that the momentum method converges to a gradient flow, with a momentum-dependent time-rescaling, using the method of modified equations from numerical analysis. Further we show that the momentum method admits an exponentially attractive invariant manifold on which the dynamic reduces to a gradient flow with respect to a modified loss function, equal to the original one plus a small perturbation. 

046__ Stochastic Neural Network with Kronecker Flow__arXiv:1906.04282
Author: Chin-Wei Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04282
 Abstract: Recent advances in variational inference enable the modelling of highly structured joint distributions, but are limited in their capacity to scale to the high-dimensional setting of stochastic neural networks. This limitation motivates a need for scalable parameterizations of the noise generation process, in a manner that adequately captures the dependencies among the various parameters. In this work, we address this need and present the Kronecker Flow, a generalization of the Kronecker product to invertible mappings designed for stochastic neural networks. We apply our method to variational Bayesian neural networks on predictive tasks, PAC-Bayes generalization bound estimation, and approximate Thompson sampling in contextual bandits. In all setups, our methods prove to be competitive with existing methods and better than the baselines. 

047__ Towards Amortized Ranking-Critical Training for Collaborative Filtering__arXiv:1906.04281
Author: Sam Lobel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04281
 Abstract: Collaborative filtering is widely used in modern recommender systems. Recent research shows that variational autoencoders (VAEs) yield state-of-the-art performance by integrating flexible representations from deep neural networks into latent variable models, mitigating limitations of traditional linear factor models. VAEs are typically trained by maximizing the likelihood (MLE) of users interacting with ground-truth items. While simple and often effective, MLE-based training does not directly maximize the recommendation-quality metrics one typically cares about, such as top-N ranking. In this paper we investigate new methods for training collaborative filtering models based on actor-critic reinforcement learning, to directly optimize the non-differentiable quality metrics of interest. Specifically, we train a critic network to approximate ranking-based metrics, and then update the actor network (represented here by a VAE) to directly optimize against the learned metrics. In contrast to traditional learning-to-rank methods that require to re-run the optimization procedure for new lists, our critic-based method amortizes the scoring process with a neural network, and can directly provide the (approximate) ranking scores for new lists. Empirically, we show that the proposed methods outperform several state-of-the-art baselines, including recently-proposed deep learning approaches, on three large-scale real-world datasets. The code to reproduce the experimental results and figure plots is on Github: this https URL 

048__ Exploration via Hindsight Goal Generation__arXiv:1906.04279
Author: Zhizhou Ren
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04279
 Abstract: Goal-oriented reinforcement learning has recently been a practical framework for robotic manipulation tasks, in which an agent is required to reach a certain goal defined by a function on the state space. However, the sparsity of such reward definition makes traditional reinforcement learning algorithms very inefficient. Hindsight Experience Replay (HER), a recent advance, has greatly improved sample efficiency and practical applicability for such problems. It exploits previous replays by constructing imaginary goals in a simple heuristic way, acting like an implicit curriculum to alleviate the challenge of sparse reward signal. In this paper, we introduce Hindsight Goal Generation (HGG), a novel algorithmic framework that generates valuable hindsight goals which are easy for an agent to achieve in the short term and are also potential for guiding the agent to reach the actual goal in the long term. We have extensively evaluated our goal generation algorithm on a number of robotic manipulation tasks and demonstrated substantially improvement over the original HER in terms of sample efficiency. 

049__ Performance Analysis and Characterization of Training Deep Learning  Models on NVIDIA TX2__arXiv:1906.04278
Author: Jie Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04278
 Abstract: Training deep learning models on mobile devices recently becomes possible, because of increasing computation power on mobile hardware and the advantages of enabling high user experiences. Most of the existing work on machine learning at mobile devices is focused on the inference of deep learning models (particularly convolutional neural network and recurrent neural network), but not training. The performance characterization of training deep learning models on mobile devices is largely unexplored, although understanding the performance characterization is critical for designing and implementing deep learning models on mobile devices. In this paper, we perform a variety of experiments on a representative mobile device (the NVIDIA TX2) to study the performance of training deep learning models. We introduce a benchmark suite and tools to study performance of training deep learning models on mobile devices, from the perspectives of memory consumption, hardware utilization, and power consumption. The tools can correlate performance results with fine-grained operations in deep learning models, providing capabilities to capture performance variance and problems at a fine granularity. We reveal interesting performance problems and opportunities, including under-utilization of heterogeneous hardware, large energy consumption of the memory, and high predictability of workload characterization. Based on the performance analysis, we suggest interesting research directions. 

050__ Building High-Quality Auction Fraud Dataset__arXiv:1906.04272
Author: Sulaf Elshaar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04272
 Abstract: Given the magnitude of online auction transactions, it is difficult to safeguard consumers from dishonest sellers, such as shill bidders. To date, the application of machine learning to auction fraud detection has been limited. Shill Bidding (SB) is a severe auction fraud, which is driven by modern-day technologies and clever scammers. The difficulty of identifying the behavior of sophisticated fraudsters and the unavailability of training datasets hinder the research on SB detection. The aim of this study is to develop a high-quality SB dataset. To do so, first, we crawled and preprocessed a large number of commercial auctions and bidders' history as well. We thoroughly preprocessed both datasets to make them usable for the computation of the SB metrics. Nevertheless, this operation requires a deep understanding of the behavior of auctions and bidders. Second, we introduced two new SB patterns and implemented other existing ones. Finally, we removed outliers to improve the quality of the training fraud data. 

051__ Scaling Laws for the Principled Design, Initialization and  Preconditioning of ReLU Networks__arXiv:1906.04267
Author: Aaron Defazio
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04267
 Abstract: In this work, we describe a set of rules for the design and initialization of well-conditioned neural networks, guided by the goal of naturally balancing the diagonal blocks of the Hessian at the start of training. Our design principle balances multiple sensible measures of the conditioning of neural networks. We prove that for a ReLU-based deep multilayer perceptron, a simple initialization scheme using the geometric mean of the fan-in and fan-out satisfies our scaling rule. For more sophisticated architectures, we show how our scaling principle can be used to guide design choices to produce well-conditioned neural networks, reducing guess-work. 

052__ An Optimization  Perspective__arXiv:1906.04214
Author: Kaidi Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04214
 Abstract: Graph neural networks (GNNs) which apply the deep neural networks to graph data have achieved significant performance for the task of semi-supervised node classification. However, only few work has addressed the adversarial robustness of GNNs. In this paper, we first present a novel gradient-based attack method that facilitates the difficulty of tackling discrete graph data. When comparing to current adversarial attacks on GNNs, the results show that by only perturbing a small number of edge perturbations, including addition and deletion, our optimization-based attack can lead to a noticeable decrease in classification performance. Moreover, leveraging our gradient-based attack, we propose the first optimization-based adversarial training for GNNs. Our method yields higher robustness against both different gradient based and greedy attack methods without sacrificing classification accuracy on original graph. 

053__ 3-D Surface Segmentation Meets Conditional Random Fields__arXiv:1906.04714
Author: Leixin Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04714
 Abstract: Automated surface segmentation is important and challenging in many medical image analysis applications. Recent deep learning based methods have been developed for various object segmentation tasks. Most of them are a classification based approach, e.g. U-net, which predicts the probability of being target object or background for each voxel. One problem of those methods is lacking of topology guarantee for segmented objects, and usually post processing is needed to infer the boundary surface of the object. In this paper, a novel model based on 3-D convolutional neural network (CNN) and Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) is proposed to tackle the surface segmentation problem with end-to-end training. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to apply a 3-D neural network with a CRFs model for direct surface segmentation. Experiments carried out on NCI-ISBI 2013 MR prostate dataset and Medical Segmentation Decathlon Spleen dataset demonstrated very promising segmentation results. 

054__ ProPublica's COMPAS Data Revisited__arXiv:1906.04711
Author: Matias Barenstein
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04711
 Abstract: In this paper I re-examine the COMPAS recidivism score and criminal history data collected by ProPublica in 2016, which has fueled intense debate and research in the nascent field of `algorithmic fairness' or `fair machine learning' over the past three years. ProPublica's COMPAS data is used in an ever-increasing number of studies to test various definitions and methodologies of algorithmic fairness. This paper takes a closer look at the actual datasets put together by ProPublica. By doing so, I find that ProPublica made an important data processing mistake when it created some of the key datasets most often used by other researchers. In particular, the datasets built to study the likelihood of recidivism within two years of the original COMPAS screening date. As I show in this paper, ProPublica made a mistake implementing the two-year sample cutoff rule for recidivists in such datasets (whereas it implemented an appropriate two-year sample cutoff rule for non-recidivists). As a result, ProPublica incorrectly kept a disproportionate share of recidivists. This data processing mistake leads to biased two-year recidivism datasets, with artificially high recidivism rates. This also affects the positive and negative predictive values. On the other hand, this data processing mistake does not impact some of the key statistical measures highlighted by ProPublica and other researchers, such as the false positive and false negative rates, nor the overall accuracy. 

055__ A Hybrid Approach Between Adversarial Generative Networks and  Actor-Critic Policy Gradient for Low Rate High-Resolution Image Compression__arXiv:1906.04681
Author: Nicol¨® Savioli
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04681
 Abstract: Image compression is an essential approach for decreasing the size in bytes of the image without deteriorating the quality of it. Typically, classic algorithms are used but recently deep-learning has been successfully applied. In this work, is presented a deep super-resolution work-flow for image compression that maps low-resolution JPEG image to the high-resolution. The pipeline consists of two components: first, an encoder-decoder neural network learns how to transform the downsampling JPEG images to high resolution. Second, a combination between Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) and reinforcement learning Actor-Critic (A3C) loss pushes the encoder-decoder to indirectly maximize High Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR). Although PSNR is a fully differentiable metric, this work opens the doors to new solutions for maximizing non-differential metrics through an end-to-end approach between encoder-decoder networks and reinforcement learning policy gradient methods. 

056__ Stable Rank Normalization for Improved Generalization in Neural Networks  and GANs__arXiv:1906.04659
Author: Amartya Sanyal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04659
 Abstract: Exciting new work on the generalization bounds for neural networks (NN) given by Neyshabur et al. , Bartlett et al. depend on two parameter-depenedent quantities: the Lipschitz constant upper-bound and the stable rank (a softer version of the rank operator). This leads to an interesting question of whether controlling these quantities might improve the generalization behaviour of NNs. To this end, we propose stable rank normalization (SRN), a novel, optimal, and computationally efficient weight-normalization scheme which minimizes the stable rank of a linear operator. Surprisingly we find that SRN, inspite of being non-convex problem, can be shown to have a unique optimal solution. Moreover, we show that SRN allows control of the data-dependent empirical Lipschitz constant, which in contrast to the Lipschitz upper-bound, reflects the true behaviour of a model on a given dataset. We provide thorough analyses to show that SRN, when applied to the linear layers of a NN for classification, provides striking improvements-11.3% on the generalization gap compared to the standard NN along with significant reduction in memorization. When applied to the discriminator of GANs (called SRN-GAN) it improves Inception, FID, and Neural divergence scores on the CIFAR 10/100 and CelebA datasets, while learning mappings with low empirical Lipschitz constants. 

057__ Deep learning control of artificial avatars in group coordination tasks__arXiv:1906.04656
Author: Maria Lombardi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04656
 Abstract: In many joint-action scenarios, humans and robots have to coordinate their movements to accomplish a given shared task. Lifting an object together, sawing a wood log, transferring objects from a point to another are all examples where motor coordination between humans and machines is a crucial requirement. While the dyadic coordination between a human and a robot has been studied in previous investigations, the multi-agent scenario in which a robot has to be integrated into a human group still remains a less explored field of research. In this paper we discuss how to synthesise an artificial agent able to coordinate its motion in human ensembles. Driven by a control architecture based on deep reinforcement learning, such an artificial agent will be able to autonomously move itself in order to synchronise its motion with that of the group while exhibiting human-like kinematic features. As a paradigmatic coordination task we take a group version of the so-called mirror-game which is highlighted as a good benchmark in the human movement literature. 

058__ Analysis of Optimization Algorithms via Sum-of-Squares__arXiv:1906.04648
Author: Sandra S. Y. Tan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04648
 Abstract: In this work, we introduce a new framework for unifying and systematizing the performance analysis of first-order black-box optimization algorithms for unconstrained convex minimization over finite-dimensional Euclidean spaces. The low-cost iteration complexity enjoyed by this class of algorithms renders them particularly relevant for applications in machine learning and large-scale data analysis. However, existing proofs of convergence of such optimization algorithms consist mostly of ad-hoc arguments and case-by-case analyses. On the other hand, our approach is based on sum-of-squares optimization and puts forward a promising framework for unifying the convergence {analyses} of optimization algorithms. Illustrating the usefulness of our approach, we recover several known convergence bounds for four widely-used first-order algorithms in a unified manner, and also derive one new convergence result for gradient descent with Armijo-terminated line search. 

059__ Learning Symmetries of Classical Integrable Systems__arXiv:1906.04645
Author: Roberto Bondesan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04645
 Abstract: The solution of problems in physics is often facilitated by a change of variables. In this work we present neural transformations to learn symmetries of Hamiltonian mechanical systems. Maintaining the Hamiltonian structure requires novel network architectures that parametrize symplectic transformations. We demonstrate the utility of these architectures by learning the structure of integrable models. Our work exemplifies the adaptation of neural transformations to a family constrained by more than the condition of invertibility, which we expect to be a common feature of applications of these methods. 

060__ On Stabilizing Generative Adversarial Training with Noise__arXiv:1906.04612
Author: Simon Jenni
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04612
 Abstract: We present a novel method and analysis to train generative adversarial networks (GAN) in a stable manner. As shown in recent analysis, training is often undermined by the probability distribution of the data being zero on neighborhoods of the data space. We notice that the distributions of real and generated data should match even when they undergo the same filtering. Therefore, to address the limited support problem we propose to train GANs by using different filtered versions of the real and generated data distributions. In this way, filtering does not prevent the exact matching of the data distribution, while helping training by extending the support of both distributions. As filtering we consider adding samples from an arbitrary distribution to the data, which corresponds to a convolution of the data distribution with the arbitrary one. We also propose to learn the generation of these samples so as to challenge the discriminator in the adversarial training. We show that our approach results in a stable and well-behaved training of even the original minimax GAN formulation. Moreover, our technique can be incorporated in most modern GAN formulations and leads to a consistent improvement on several common datasets. 

061__ Adaptive Neural Signal Detection for Massive MIMO__arXiv:1906.04610
Author: Mehrdad Khani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04610
 Abstract: Symbol detection for Massive Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MIMO) is a challenging problem for which traditional algorithms are either impractical or suffer from performance limitations. Several recently proposed learning-based approaches achieve promising results on simple channel models (e.g., i.i.d. Gaussian). However, their performance degrades significantly on real-world channels with spatial correlation. We propose MMNet, a deep learning MIMO detection scheme that significantly outperforms existing approaches on realistic channels with the same or lower computational complexity. MMNet's design builds on the theory of iterative soft-thresholding algorithms and uses a novel training algorithm that leverages temporal and spectral correlation to accelerate training. Together, these innovations allow MMNet to train online for every realization of the channel. On i.i.d. Gaussian channels, MMNet requires two orders of magnitude fewer operations than existing deep learning schemes but achieves near-optimal performance. On spatially-correlated channels, it achieves the same error rate as the next-best learning scheme (OAMPNet) at 2.5dB lower SNR and with at least 10x less computational complexity. MMNet is also 4--8dB better overall than a classic linear scheme like the minimum mean square error (MMSE) detector. 

062__ Program Synthesis with a REPL__arXiv:1906.04604
Author: Kevin Ellis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04604
 Abstract: We present a neural program synthesis approach integrating components which write, execute, and assess code to navigate the search space of possible programs. We equip the search process with an interpreter or a read-eval-print-loop (REPL), which immediately executes partially written programs, exposing their semantics. The REPL addresses a basic challenge of program synthesis: tiny changes in syntax can lead to huge changes in semantics. We train a pair of models, a policy that proposes the new piece of code to write, and a value function that assesses the prospects of the code written so-far. At test time we can combine these models with a Sequential Monte Carlo algorithm. We apply our approach to two domains: synthesizing text editing programs and inferring 2D and 3D graphics programs. 

063__ Joint Subspace Recovery and Enhanced Locality Driven Robust Flexible  Discriminative Dictionary Learning__arXiv:1906.04598
Author: Zhao Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04598
 Abstract: We propose a joint subspace recovery and enhanced locality based robust flexible label consistent dictionary learning method called Robust Flexible Discriminative Dictionary Learning (RFDDL). RFDDL mainly improves the data representation and classification abilities by enhancing the robust property to sparse errors and encoding the locality, reconstruction error and label consistency more accurately. First, for the robustness to noise and sparse errors in data and atoms, RFDDL aims at recovering the underlying clean data and clean atom subspaces jointly, and then performs DL and encodes the locality in the recovered subspaces. Second, to enable the data sampled from a nonlinear manifold to be handled potentially and obtain the accurate reconstruction by avoiding the overfitting, RFDDL minimizes the reconstruction error in a flexible manner. Third, to encode the label consistency accurately, RFDDL involves a discriminative flexible sparse code error to encourage the coefficients to be soft. Fourth, to encode the locality well, RFDDL defines the Laplacian matrix over recovered atoms, includes label information of atoms in terms of intra-class compactness and inter-class separation, and associates with group sparse codes and classifier to obtain the accurate discriminative locality-constrained coefficients and classifier. Extensive results on public databases show the effectiveness of our RFDDL. 

064__ CNN depth analysis with different channel inputs for  Acoustic Scene Classification__arXiv:1906.04591
Author: Javier Naranjo-Alcazar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04591
 Abstract: The objective of this technical report is to describe the framework used in Task 1, Acoustic scene classification (ASC), of the DCASE 2019 challenge. The presented approach is based on Log-Mel spectrogram representations and VGG-based Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Three different CNNs, with very similar architectures, have been implemented. Themain difference is the number of filters in their convolutional blocks. Experiments show that the depth of the network is not the most relevant factor for improving the accuracy of the results.The performance seems to be more sensitive to the input audio representation. This conclusion is important for the implementation of real-time audio recognition and classification systemon edge devices. In the presented experiments the best audio representation is the Log-Mel spectrogram of the harmonic andpercussive sources plus the Log-Mel spectrogram of the difference between left and right stereo-channels. Also, in order to improve accuracy, ensemble methods combining different model predictions with different inputs are explored. Besides geometric and arithmetic means, ensembles aggregated with the Orness Weighted Averaged (OWA) operator have shown interesting andnovel results. The proposed framework outperforms the baseline system by 14.34 percentage points. For Task 1a, the obtained development accuracy is 76.84 percent, being 62.5 percent the baseline, whereas the accuracy obtained in public leaderboard is 77.33 percent,being 64.33 percent the baseline. 

065__ How crowded can it get?__arXiv:1906.04567
Author: Patrick Dendorfer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04567
 Abstract: Standardized benchmarks are crucial for the majority of computer vision applications. Although leaderboards and ranking tables should not be over-claimed, benchmarks often provide the most objective measure of performance and are therefore important guides for research. The benchmark for Multiple Object Tracking, MOTChallenge, was launched with the goal to establish a standardized evaluation of multiple object tracking methods. The challenge focuses on multiple people tracking, since pedestrians are well studied in the tracking community, and precise tracking and detection has high practical relevance. Since the first release, MOT15, MOT16 and MOT17 have tremendously contributed to the community by introducing a clean dataset and precise framework to benchmark multi-object trackers. In this paper, we present our CVPR19 benchmark, consisting of 8 new sequences depicting very crowded challenging scenes. The benchmark will be presented at the 4th BMTT MOT Challenge Workshop at the Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference (CVPR) 2019, and will evaluate the state-of-the-art in multiple object tracking whend handling extremely crowded scenarios. 

066__ An Unsupervised Framework for Comparing Graph Embeddings__arXiv:1906.04562
Author: Bogumil Kaminski
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04562
 Abstract: Graph embedding is a transformation of vertices of a graph into set of vectors. Good embeddings should capture the graph topology, vertex-to-vertex relationship, and other relevant information about graphs, subgraphs, and vertices. If these objectives are achieved, they are meaningful, understandable, and compressed representations of networks. They also provide more options and tools for data scientists as machine learning on graphs is still quite limited. Finally, vector operations are simpler and faster than comparable operations on graphs. The main challenge is that one needs to make sure that embeddings well describe the properties of the graphs. In particular, the decision has to be made on the embedding dimensionality which highly impacts the quality of an embedding. As a result, selecting the best embedding is a challenging task and very often requires domain experts. In this paper, we propose a ``divergence score'' that can be assign to various embeddings to distinguish good ones from bad ones. This general framework provides a tool for an unsupervised graph embedding comparison. In order to achieve it, we needed to generalize the well-known Chung-Lu model to incorporate geometry which is interesting on its own rights. In order to test our framework, we did a number of experiments with synthetic networks as well as real-world networks, and various embedding algorithms. 

067__ Principled Training of Neural Networks with Direct Feedback Alignment__arXiv:1906.04554
Author: Julien Launay
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04554
 Abstract: The backpropagation algorithm has long been the canonical training method for neural networks. Modern paradigms are implicitly optimized for it, and numerous guidelines exist to ensure its proper use. Recently, synthetic gradients methods -where the error gradient is only roughly approximated - have garnered interest. These methods not only better portray how biological brains are learning, but also open new computational possibilities, such as updating layers asynchronously. Even so, they have failed to scale past simple tasks like MNIST or CIFAR-10. This is in part due to a lack of standards, leading to ill-suited models and practices forbidding such methods from performing to the best of their abilities. In this work, we focus on direct feedback alignment and present a set of best practices justified by observations of the alignment angles. We characterize a bottleneck effect that prevents alignment in narrow layers, and hypothesize it may explain why feedback alignment methods have yet to scale to large convolutional networks. 

068__ Spring-Electrical Models For Link Prediction__arXiv:1906.04548
Author: Yana Kashinskaya
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04548
 Abstract: We propose a link prediction algorithm that is based on spring-electrical models. The idea to study these models came from the fact that spring-electrical models have been successfully used for networks visualization. A good network visualization usually implies that nodes similar in terms of network topology, e.g., connected and/or belonging to one cluster, tend to be visualized close to each other. Therefore, we assumed that the Euclidean distance between nodes in the obtained network layout correlates with a probability of a link between them. We evaluate the proposed method against several popular baselines and demonstrate its flexibility by applying it to undirected, directed and bipartite networks. 

069__ Learning robust visual representations using data augmentation  invariance__arXiv:1906.04547
Author: Alex Hern¨¢ndez-Garc¨ªa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04547
 Abstract: Deep convolutional neural networks trained for image object categorization have shown remarkable similarities with representations found across the primate ventral visual stream. Yet, artificial and biological networks still exhibit important differences. Here we investigate one such property: increasing invariance to identity-preserving image transformations found along the ventral stream. Despite theoretical evidence that invariance should emerge naturally from the optimization process, we present empirical evidence that the activations of convolutional neural networks trained for object categorization are not robust to identity-preserving image transformations commonly used in data augmentation. As a solution, we propose data augmentation invariance, an unsupervised learning objective which improves the robustness of the learned representations by promoting the similarity between the activations of augmented image samples. Our results show that this approach is a simple, yet effective and efficient (10 % increase in training time) way of increasing the invariance of the models while obtaining similar categorization performance. 

070__ Asymptotic Guarantees for Learning Generative Models with the  Sliced-Wasserstein Distance__arXiv:1906.04516
Author: Kimia Nadjahi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04516
 Abstract: Minimum expected distance estimation (MEDE) algorithms have been widely used for probabilistic models with intractable likelihood functions and they have become increasingly popular due to their use in implicit generative modeling (e.g. Wasserstein generative adversarial networks, Wasserstein autoencoders). Emerging from computational optimal transport, the Sliced-Wasserstein (SW) distance has become a popular choice in MEDE thanks to its simplicity and computational benefits. While several studies have reported empirical success on generative modeling with SW, the theoretical properties of such estimators have not yet been established. In this study, we investigate the asymptotic properties of estimators that are obtained by minimizing SW. We first show that convergence in SW implies weak convergence of probability measures in general Wasserstein spaces. Then we show that estimators obtained by minimizing SW (and also an approximate version of SW) are asymptotically consistent. We finally prove a central limit theorem, which characterizes the asymptotic distribution of the estimators and establish a convergence rate of $\sqrt{n}$, where $n$ denotes the number of observed data points. We illustrate the validity of our theory on both synthetic data and neural networks. 

071__ Approximate Variational Inference Based on a Finite Sample of Gaussian  Latent Variables__arXiv:1906.04507
Author: Nikolaos Gianniotis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04507
 Abstract: Variational methods are employed in situations where exact Bayesian inference becomes intractable due to the difficulty in performing certain integrals. Typically, variational methods postulate a tractable posterior and formulate a lower bound on the desired integral to be approximated, e.g. marginal likelihood. The lower bound is then optimised with respect to its free parameters, the so called variational parameters. However, this is not always possible as for certain integrals it is very challenging (or tedious) to come up with a suitable lower bound. Here we propose a simple scheme that overcomes some of the awkward cases where the usual variational treatment becomes difficult. The scheme relies on a rewriting of the lower bound on the model log-likelihood. We demonstrate the proposed scheme on a number of synthetic and real examples, as well as on a real geophysical model for which the standard variational approaches are inapplicable. 

072__ Simultaneously Learning Architectures and Features of Deep Neural  Networks__arXiv:1906.04505
Author: Tinghuai Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04505
 Abstract: This paper presents a novel method which simultaneously learns the number of filters and network features repeatedly over multiple epochs. We propose a novel pruning loss to explicitly enforces the optimizer to focus on promising candidate filters while suppressing contributions of less relevant ones. In the meanwhile, we further propose to enforce the diversities between filters and this diversity-based regularization term improves the trade-off between model sizes and accuracies. It turns out the interplay between architecture and feature optimizations improves the final compressed models, and the proposed method is compared favorably to existing methods, in terms of both models sizes and accuracies for a wide range of applications including image classification, image compression and audio classification. 

073__ Modeling Sentiment Dependencies with Graph Convolutional Networks for  Aspect-level Sentiment Classification__arXiv:1906.04501
Author: Pinlong Zhaoa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04501
 Abstract: Aspect-level sentiment classification aims to distinguish the sentiment polarities over one or more aspect terms in a sentence. Existing approaches mostly model different aspects in one sentence independently, which ignore the sentiment dependencies between different aspects. However, we find such dependency information between different aspects can bring additional valuable information. In this paper, we propose a novel aspect-level sentiment classification model based on graph convolutional networks (GCN) which can effectively capture the sentiment dependencies between multi-aspects in one sentence. Our model firstly introduces bidirectional attention mechanism with position encoding to model aspect-specific representations between each aspect and its context words, then employs GCN over the attention mechanism to capture the sentiment dependencies between different aspects in one sentence. We evaluate the proposed approach on the SemEval 2014 datasets. Experiments show that our model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. We also conduct experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of GCN module, which indicates that the dependencies between different aspects is highly helpful in aspect-level sentiment classification. 

074__ Adversarial Curiosity, Generative Adversarial  Networks, and Predictability Minimization__arXiv:1906.04493
Author: Juergen Schmidhuber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04493
 Abstract: Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) learn to model data distributions through two unsupervised neural networks, each minimizing the objective function maximized by the other. We relate this game theoretic strategy to earlier neural networks playing unsupervised minimax games. (i) GANs can be formulated as a special case of Adversarial Curiosity (1990) based on a minimax duel between two networks, one generating data through its probabilistic actions, the other predicting consequences thereof. (ii) We correct a previously published claim that Predictability Minimization (PM, 1990s) is not based on a minimax game. PM models data distributions through a neural encoder that maximizes the objective function minimized by a neural predictor of the code components. 

075__ Efficient structure learning with automatic sparsity selection for  causal graph processes__arXiv:1906.04479
Author: Th¨¦ophile Griveau-Billion
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04479
 Abstract: We propose a novel algorithm for efficiently computing a sparse directed adjacency matrix from a group of time series following a causal graph process. Our solution is scalable for both dense and sparse graphs and automatically selects the LASSO coefficient to obtain an appropriate number of edges in the adjacency matrix. Current state-of-the-art approaches rely on sparse-matrix-computation libraries to scale, and either avoid automatic selection of the LASSO penalty coefficient or rely on the prediction mean squared error, which is not directly related to the correct number of edges. Instead, we propose a cyclical coordinate descent algorithm that employs two new non-parametric error metrics to automatically select the LASSO coefficient. We demonstrate state-of-the-art performance of our algorithm on simulated stochastic block models and a real dataset of stocks from the S\&P$500$. 

076__ Modeling the Past and Future Contexts for Session-based Recommendation__arXiv:1906.04473
Author: Yuan Fajie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04473
 Abstract: Long session-based recommender systems have attacted much attention recently. For each user, they may create hundreds of click behaviors in short time. To learn long session item dependencies, previous sequential recommendation models resort either to data augmentation or a left-to-right autoregressive training approach. While effective, an obvious drawback is that future user behaviors are always mising during training. In this paper, we claim that users' future action signals can be exploited to boost the recommendation quality. To model both past and future contexts, we investigate three ways of augmentation techniques from both data and model perspectives. Moreover, we carefully design two general neural network architectures: a pretrained two-way neural network model and a deep contextualized model trained on a text gap-filling task. Experiments on four real-word datasets show that our proposed two-way neural network models can achieve competitive or even much better results. Empirical evidence confirms that modeling both past and future context is a promising way to offer better recommendation accuracy. 

077__ Classification of Radio Signals and HF Transmission Modes with Deep  Learning__arXiv:1906.04459
Author: Stefan Scholl
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04459
 Abstract: This paper investigates deep neural networks for radio signal classification. Instead of performing modulation recognition and combining it with further analysis methods, the classifier operates directly on the IQ data of the signals and outputs the transmission mode. A data set of radio signals of 18 different modes, that commonly occur in the HF radio band, is presented and used as a showcase example. The data set considers HF channel properties and is used to train four different deep neural network architectures. The results of the best networks show an excellent accuracy of up to 98%. 

078__ Learned Bit-Flipping Decoding__arXiv:1906.04448
Author: Fabrizio Carpi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04448
 Abstract: In this paper, we use reinforcement learning to find effective decoding strategies for binary linear codes. We start by reviewing several iterative decoding algorithms that involve a decision-making process at each step, including bit-flipping (BF) decoding, residual belief propagation, and anchor decoding. We then illustrate how such algorithms can be mapped to Markov decision processes allowing for data-driven learning of optimal decision strategies, rather than basing decisions on heuristics or intuition. As a case study, we consider BF decoding for both the binary symmetric and additive white Gaussian noise channel. Our results show that learned BF decoders can offer a range of performance--complexity trade-offs for the considered Reed--Muller and BCH codes, and achieve near-optimal performance in some cases. We also demonstrate learning convergence speed-ups when biasing the learning process towards correct decoding decisions, as opposed to relying only on random explorations and past knowledge. 

079__ Few-Shot Point Cloud Region Annotation with Human in the Loop__arXiv:1906.04409
Author: Siddhant Jain
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04409
 Abstract: We propose a point cloud annotation framework that employs human-in-loop learning to enable the creation of large point cloud datasets with per-point annotations. Sparse labels from a human annotator are iteratively propagated to generate a full segmentation of the network by fine-tuning a pre-trained model of an allied task via a few-shot learning paradigm. We show that the proposed framework significantly reduces the amount of human interaction needed in annotating point clouds, without sacrificing on the quality of the annotations. Our experiments also suggest the suitability of the framework in annotating large datasets by noting a reduction in human interaction as the number of full annotations completed by the system increases. Finally, we demonstrate the flexibility of the framework to support multiple different annotations of the same point cloud enabling the creation of datasets with different granularities of annotation. 

080__ Probabilistic Forecasting with Temporal Convolutional Neural Network__arXiv:1906.04397
Author: Yitian Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04397
 Abstract: We present a probabilistic forecasting framework based on convolutional neural network for multiple related time series forecasting. The framework can be applied to estimate probability density under both parametric and non-parametric settings. More specifically, stacked residual blocks based on dilated causal convolutional nets are constructed to capture the temporal dependencies of the series. Combined with representation learning, our approach is able to learn complex patterns such as seasonality, holiday effects within and across series, and to leverage those patterns for more accurate forecasts, especially when historical data is sparse or unavailable. Extensive empirical studies are performed on several real-world datasets, including datasets from JD.com, China's largest online retailer. The results show that our framework outperforms other state-of-the-art methods in both accuracy and efficiency. 

081__ Lightweight and Efficient Neural Natural Language Processing with  Quaternion Networks__arXiv:1906.04393
Author: Yi Tay
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04393
 Abstract: Many state-of-the-art neural models for NLP are heavily parameterized and thus memory inefficient. This paper proposes a series of lightweight and memory efficient neural architectures for a potpourri of natural language processing (NLP) tasks. To this end, our models exploit computation using Quaternion algebra and hypercomplex spaces, enabling not only expressive inter-component interactions but also significantly ($75\%$) reduced parameter size due to lesser degrees of freedom in the Hamilton product. We propose Quaternion variants of models, giving rise to new architectures such as the Quaternion attention Model and Quaternion Transformer. Extensive experiments on a battery of NLP tasks demonstrates the utility of proposed Quaternion-inspired models, enabling up to $75\%$ reduction in parameter size without significant loss in performance. 

082__ Exploiting Promising Subspaces for Query-Efficient  Black-box Attacks__arXiv:1906.04392
Author: Ziang Yan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04392
 Abstract: Unlike the white-box counterparts that are widely studied and readily accessible, adversarial examples in black-box settings are generally more Herculean on account of the difficulty of estimating gradients. Many methods achieve the task by issuing numerous queries to target classification systems, which makes the whole procedure costly and suspicious to the systems. In this paper, we aim at reducing the query complexity of black-box attacks in this category. We propose to exploit gradients of a few reference models which arguably span some promising search subspaces. Experimental results show that, in comparison with the state-of-the-arts, our method can gain up to 2x and 4x reductions in the requisite mean and medium numbers of queries with much lower failure rates even if the reference models are trained on a small and inadequate dataset disjoint to the one for training the victim model. Code and models for reproducing our results will be made publicly available. 

083__ Projective Adversarial Network for Medical Image Segmentation__arXiv:1906.04378
Author: Naji Khosravan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04378
 Abstract: Adversarial learning has been proven to be effective for capturing long-range and high-level label consistencies in semantic segmentation. Unique to medical imaging, capturing 3D semantics in an effective yet computationally efficient way remains an open problem. In this study, we address this computational burden by proposing a novel projective adversarial network, called PAN, which incorporates high-level 3D information through 2D projections. Furthermore, we introduce an attention module into our framework that helps for a selective integration of global information directly from our segmentor to our adversarial network. For the clinical application we chose pancreas segmentation from CT scans. Our proposed framework achieved state-of-the-art performance without adding to the complexity of the segmentor. 

084__ Maximum Mean Discrepancy Gradient Flow__arXiv:1906.04370
Author: Michael Arbel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04370
 Abstract: We construct a Wasserstein gradient flow of the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) and study its convergence properties. The MMD is an integral probability metric defined for a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS), and serves as a metric on probability measures for a sufficiently rich RKHS. We obtain conditions for convergence of the gradient flow towards a global optimum, that can be related to particle transport when optimizing neural networks. We also propose a way to regularize this MMD flow, based on an injection of noise in the gradient. This algorithmic fix comes with theoretical and empirical evidence. The practical implementation of the flow is straightforward, since both the MMD and its gradient have simple closed-form expressions, which can be easily estimated with samples. 

085__ Evaluation of Seed Set Selection Approaches and Active Learning  Strategies in Predictive Coding__arXiv:1906.04367
Author: Christian J. Mahoney
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04367
 Abstract: Active learning is a popular methodology in text classification - known in the legal domain as "predictive coding" or "Technology Assisted Review" or "TAR" - due to its potential to minimize the required review effort to build effective classifiers. In this study, we use extensive experimentation to examine the impact of popular seed set selection strategies in active learning, within a predictive coding exercise, and evaluate different active learning strategies against well-researched continuous active learning strategies for the purpose of determining efficient training methods for classifying large populations quickly and precisely. We study how random sampling, keyword models and clustering based seed set selection strategies combined together with top-ranked, uncertain, random, recall inspired, and hybrid active learning document selection strategies affect the performance of active learning for predictive coding. We use the percentage of documents requiring review to reach 75% recall as the "benchmark" metric to evaluate and compare our approaches. In most cases we find that seed set selection methods have a minor impact, though they do show significant impact in lower richness data sets or when choosing a top-ranked active learning selection strategy. Our results also show that active learning selection strategies implementing uncertainty, random, or 75% recall selection strategies has the potential to reach the optimum active learning round much earlier than the popular continuous active learning approach (top-ranked selection). The results of our research shed light on the impact of active learning seed set selection strategies and also the effectiveness of the selection strategies for the following learning rounds. Legal practitioners can use the results of this study to enhance the efficiency, precision, and simplicity of their predictive coding process. 

086__ Exploiting deep residual network for fast parallel MR  imaging with complex convolution__arXiv:1906.04359
Author: Shanshan Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04359
 Abstract: This paper proposes a multi-channel image reconstruction method, named DeepcomplexMRI, to accelerate parallel MR imaging with residual complex convolutional neural network. Different from most existing works which rely on the utilization of the coil sensitivities or prior information of predefined transforms, DeepcomplexMRI takes advantage of the availability of a large number of existing multi-channel groudtruth images and uses them as labeled data to train the deep residual convolutional neural network offline. In particular, a complex convolutional network is proposed to take into account the correlation between the real and imaginary parts of MR images. In addition, the k space data consistency is further enforced repeatedly in between layers of the network. The evaluations on in vivo datasets show that the proposed method has the capability to recover the desired multi-channel images. Its comparison with state-of-the-art method also demonstrates that the proposed method can reconstruct the desired MR images more accurately. 

087__ Heterogeneous network approach to predict individuals' mental health__arXiv:1906.04346
Author: Shikang Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04346
 Abstract: Depression and anxiety are critical public health issues affecting millions of people around the world. To identify individuals who are vulnerable to depression and anxiety, predictive models have been built that typically utilize data from one source. Unlike these traditional models, in this study, we leverage a rich heterogeneous data set from the University of Notre Dame's NetHealth study that collected individuals' (student participants') social interaction data via smartphones, health-related behavioral data via wearables (Fitbit), and trait data from surveys. To integrate the different types of information, we model the NetHealth data as a heterogeneous information network (HIN). Then, we redefine the problem of predicting individuals' mental health conditions (depression or anxiety) in a novel manner, as applying to our HIN a popular paradigm of a recommender system (RS), which is typically used to predict the preference that a person would give to an item (e.g., a movie or book). In our case, the items are the individuals' different mental health states. We evaluate three state-of-the-art RS approaches. Also, we model the prediction of individuals' mental health as another problem type -- that of node classification (NC) in our HIN, evaluating in the process four node features under logistic regression as a proof-of-concept classifier. We find that our RS and NC network methods produce more accurate predictions than a logistic regression model using the same NetHealth data in the traditional non-network fashion as well as a random-approach. Also, we find that RS outperforms NC. This is the first study to integrate smartphone, wearable sensor, and survey data in an HIN manner and use RS or NC on the HIN to predict individuals' mental health conditions. 

088__ Subspace Alignment as an Auxiliary Learning Task for Domain  Adaptation__arXiv:1906.04338
Author: Kowshik Thopalli
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04338
 Abstract: Unsupervised domain adaptation aims to transfer and adapt knowledge learned from a labeled source domain to an unlabeled target domain. Key components of unsupervised domain adaptation include: (a) maximizing performance on the source, and (b) aligning the source and target domains. Traditionally, these tasks have either been considered as separate, or assumed to be implicitly addressed together with high-capacity feature extractors. In this paper, we advance a third broad approach; which we term SALT. The core idea is to consider alignment as an auxiliary task to the primary task of maximizing performance on the source. The auxiliary task is made rather simple by assuming a tractable data geometry in the form of subspaces. We synergistically allow certain parameters derived from the closed-form auxiliary solution, to be affected by gradients from the primary task. The proposed approach represents a unique fusion of geometric and model-based alignment with gradient-flows from a data-driven primary task. SALT is simple, rooted in theory, and outperforms state-of-the-art on multiple standard benchmarks. 

089__ A Fast and Accurate Multi-scale End-to-end Dehazing Network__arXiv:1906.04334
Author: Jing Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04334
 Abstract: Single image dehazing is a critical image pre-processing step for subsequent high-level computer vision tasks. However, it remains challenging due to its ill-posed nature. Existing dehazing models tend to suffer from model overcomplexity and computational inefficiency or have limited representation capacity. To tackle these challenges, here we propose a fast and accurate multi-scale end-to-end dehazing network called FAMED-Net, which comprises encoders at three scales and a fusion module to efficiently and directly learn the haze-free image. Each encoder consists of cascaded and densely connected point-wise convolutional layers and pooling layers. Since no larger convolutional kernels are used and features are reused layer-by-layer, FAMED-Net is lightweight and computationally efficient. Thorough empirical studies on public synthetic datasets (including RESIDE) and real-world hazy images demonstrate the superiority of FAMED-Net over other representative state-of-the-art models with respect to model complexity, computational efficiency, restoration accuracy, and cross-set generalization. The code will be made publicly available. 

090__ Parallel Scheduled Sampling__arXiv:1906.04331
Author: Daniel Duckworth
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04331
 Abstract: Auto-regressive models are widely used in sequence generation problems. The output sequence is typically generated in a predetermined order, one discrete unit (pixel or word or character) at a time. The models are trained by teacher-forcing where ground-truth history is fed to the model as input, which at test time is replaced by the model prediction. Scheduled Sampling aims to mitigate this discrepancy between train and test time by randomly replacing some discrete units in the history with the model's prediction. While teacher-forced training works well with ML accelerators as the computation can be parallelized across time, Scheduled Sampling involves undesirable sequential processing. In this paper, we introduce a simple technique to parallelize Scheduled Sampling across time. We find that in most cases our technique leads to better empirical performance on summarization and dialog generation tasks compared to teacher-forced training. Further, we discuss the effects of different hyper-parameters associated with Scheduled Sampling on the model performance. 

091__ Federated Learning for Emoji Prediction in a Mobile Keyboard__arXiv:1906.04329
Author: Swaroop Ramaswamy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04329
 Abstract: We show that a word-level recurrent neural network can predict emoji from text typed on a mobile keyboard. We demonstrate the usefulness of transfer learning for predicting emoji by pretraining the model using a language modeling task. We also propose mechanisms to trigger emoji and tune the diversity of candidates. The model is trained using a distributed on-device learning framework called federated learning. The federated model is shown to achieve better performance than a server-trained model. This work demonstrates the feasibility of using federated learning to train production-quality models for natural language understanding tasks while keeping users' data on their devices. 

092__ Efficiently escaping saddle points on manifolds__arXiv:1906.04321
Author: Chris Criscitiello
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04321
 Abstract: Smooth, non-convex optimization problems on Riemannian manifolds occur in machine learning as a result of orthonormality, rank or positivity constraints. First- and second-order necessary optimality conditions state that the Riemannian gradient must be zero, and the Riemannian Hessian must be positive semidefinite. Generalizing Jin et al.'s recent work on perturbed gradient descent (PGD) for optimization on linear spaces [How to Escape Saddle Points Efficiently (2017), Stochastic Gradient Descent Escapes Saddle Points Efficiently (2019)], we propose a version of perturbed Riemannian gradient descent (PRGD) to show that necessary optimality conditions can be met approximately with high probability, without evaluating the Hessian. Specifically, for an arbitrary Riemannian manifold $\mathcal{M}$ of dimension $d$, a sufficiently smooth (possibly non-convex) objective function $f$, and under weak conditions on the retraction chosen to move on the manifold, with high probability, our version of PRGD produces a point with gradient smaller than $\epsilon$ and Hessian within $\sqrt{\epsilon}$ of being positive semidefinite in $O((\log{d})^4 / \epsilon^{2})$ gradient queries. This matches the complexity of PGD in the Euclidean case. Crucially, the dependence on dimension is low, which matters for large-scale applications including PCA and low-rank matrix completion, which both admit natural formulations on manifolds. The key technical idea is to generalize PRGD with a distinction between two types of gradient steps: `steps on the manifold' and `perturbed steps in a tangent space of the manifold.' Ultimately, this distinction makes it possible to extend Jin et al.'s analysis seamlessly. error here, check on website.

094__ Estimation of 2D Velocity Model using Acoustic Signals and Convolutional  Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04310
Author: Marco Apolinario
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04310
 Abstract: The parameters estimation of a system using indirect measurements over the same system is a problem that occurs in many fields of engineering, known as the inverse problem. It also happens in the field of underwater acoustic, especially in mediums that are not transparent enough. In those cases, shape identification of objects using only acoustic signals is a challenge because it is carried out with information of echoes that are produced by objects with different densities from that of the medium. In general, these echoes are difficult to understand since their information is usually noisy and redundant. In this paper, we propose a model of convolutional neural network with an Encoder-Decoder configuration to estimate both localization and shape of objects, which produce reflected signals. This model allows us to obtain a 2D velocity model. The model was trained with data generated by the finite-difference method, and it achieved a value of 98.58% in the intersection over union metric 75.88% in precision and 64.69% in sensibility. 

095__ Analyzing the Structure of Attention in a Transformer Language Model__arXiv:1906.04284
Author: Jesse Vig
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04284
 Abstract: The Transformer is a fully attention-based alternative to recurrent networks that has achieved state-of-the-art results across a range of NLP tasks. In this paper, we analyze the structure of attention in a Transformer language model, the GPT-2 small pretrained model. We visualize attention for individual instances and analyze the interaction between attention and syntax over a large corpus. We find that attention targets different parts of speech at different layer depths within the model, and that attention aligns with dependency relations most strongly in the middle layers. We also find that the deepest layers of the model capture the most distant relationships. Finally, we extract exemplar sentences that reveal highly specific patterns targeted by particular attention heads. 

096__ Mean estimation and regression under heavy-tailed distributions--a  survey__arXiv:1906.04280
Author: Gabor Lugosi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04280
 Abstract: We survey some of the recent advances in mean estimation and regression function estimation. In particular, we describe sub-Gaussian mean estimators for possibly heavy-tailed data both in the univariate and multivariate settings. We focus on estimators based on median-of-means techniques but other methods such as the trimmed mean and Catoni's estimator are also reviewed. We give detailed proofs for the cornerstone results. We dedicate a section on statistical learning problems--in particular, regression function estimation--in the presence of possibly heavy-tailed data. 

097__ Analyzing Cascades of Polarized  Conversations__arXiv:1906.04261
Author: Arunkumar Bagavathi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04261
 Abstract: Online social media, periodically serves as a platform for cascading polarizing topics of conversation. The inherent community structure present in online social networks (homophily) and the advent of fringe outlets like Gab have created online "echo chambers" that amplify the effects of polarization, which fuels detrimental behavior. Recently, in October 2018, Gab made headlines when it was revealed that Robert Bowers, the individual behind the Pittsburgh Synagogue massacre, was an active member of this social media site and used it to express his anti-Semitic views and discuss conspiracy theories. Thus to address the need of automated data-driven analyses of such fringe outlets, this research proposes novel methods to discover topics that are prevalent in Gab and how they cascade within the network. Specifically, using approximately 34 million posts, and 3.7 million cascading conversation threads with close to 300k users; we demonstrate that there are essentially five cascading patterns that manifest in Gab and the most "viral" ones begin with an echo-chamber pattern and grow out to the entire network. Also, we empirically show, through two models viz. Susceptible-Infected and Bass, how the cascades structurally evolve from one of the five patterns to the other based on the topic of the conversation with upto 84% accuracy. 

098__ Symmetrical Filters in Convolutional Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04252
Author: Gregory Dzhezyan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04252
 Abstract: Symmetry is present in nature and science. In image processing, kernels for spatial filtering possess some symmetry (e.g. Sobel operators, Gaussian, Laplacian). Convolutional layers in artificial feed-forward neural networks have typically considered the kernel weights without any constraint. In this paper, we propose to investigate the impact of a symmetry constraint in convolutional layers for image classification tasks, taking our inspiration from the processes involved in the primary visual cortex and common image processing techniques. The goal is to assess the extent to which it is possible to enforce symmetrical constraints on the filters throughout the training process of a convolutional neural network (CNN) by modifying the weight update preformed during the backpropagation algorithm and to evaluate the change in performance. The main hypothesis of this paper is that the symmetrical constraint reduces the number of free parameters in the network, and it is able to achieve near identical performance to the modern methodology of training. In particular, we address the following cases: x/y-axis symmetry, point reflection, and anti-point reflection. The performance has been evaluated on four databases of images. The results support the conclusion that while random weights offer more freedom to the model, the symmetry constraint provides a similar level of performance while decreasing substantially the number of free parameters in the model. Such an approach can be valuable in phase-sensitive applications that require a linear phase property throughout the feature extraction process. 

099__ A Python Library for Knowledge Graph Embedding__arXiv:1906.04239
Author: Shih Yuan Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04239
 Abstract: Pykg2vec is an open-source Python library for learning the representations of the entities and relations in knowledge graphs. Pykg2vec's flexible and modular software architecture currently implements 16 state-of-the-art knowledge graph embedding algorithms, and is designed to easily incorporate new algorithms. The goal of pykg2vec is to provide a practical and educational platform to accelerate research in knowledge graph representation learning. Pykg2vec is built on top of TensorFlow and Python's multiprocessing framework and provides modules for batch generation, Bayesian hyperparameter optimization, mean rank evaluation, embedding, and result visualization. Pykg2vec is released under the MIT License and is also available in the Python Package Index (PyPI). The source code of pykg2vec is available at this https URL 

100__ Using generative modelling to produce varied intonation for speech  synthesis__arXiv:1906.04233
Author: Zack Hodari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04233
 Abstract: Unlike human speakers, typical text-to-speech (TTS) systems are unable to produce multiple distinct renditions of a given sentence. This has previously been addressed by adding explicit external control. In contrast, generative models are able to capture a distribution over multiple renditions and thus produce varied renditions using sampling. Typical neural TTS models learn the average of the data because they minimise mean squared error. In the context of prosody, taking the average produces flatter, more boring speech: an "average prosody". A generative model that can synthesise multiple prosodies will, by design, not model average prosody. We use variational autoencoders (VAE) which explicitly place the most "average" data close to the mean of the Gaussian prior. We propose that by moving towards the tails of the prior distribution, the model will transition towards generating more idiosyncratic, varied renditions. Focusing here on intonation, we investigate the trade-off between naturalness and intonation variation and find that typical acoustic models can either be natural, or varied, but not both. However, sampling from the tails of the VAE prior produces much more varied intonation than the traditional approaches, whilst maintaining the same level of naturalness. 

101__ Dilated Convolution Neural Network for Ultrasound Tongue Contour  Extraction__arXiv:1906.04232
Author: M. Hamed Mozaffari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04232
 Abstract: Ultrasound imaging is safe, relatively affordable, and capable of real-time performance. One application of this technology is to visualize and to characterize human tongue shape and motion during a real-time speech to study healthy or impaired speech production. Due to the noisy nature of ultrasound images with low-contrast characteristic, it might require expertise for non-expert users to recognize organ shape such as tongue surface (dorsum). To alleviate this difficulty for quantitative analysis of tongue shape and motion, tongue surface can be extracted, tracked, and visualized instead of the whole tongue region. Delineating the tongue surface from each frame is a cumbersome, subjective, and error-prone task. Furthermore, the rapidity and complexity of tongue gestures have made it a challenging task, and manual segmentation is not a feasible solution for real-time applications. Employing the power of state-of-the-art deep neural network models and training techniques, it is feasible to implement new fully-automatic, accurate, and robust segmentation methods with the capability of real-time performance, applicable for tracking of the tongue contours during the speech. This paper presents two novel deep neural network models named BowNet and wBowNet benefits from the ability of global prediction of decoding-encoding models, with integrated multi-scale contextual information, and capability of full-resolution (local) extraction of dilated convolutions. Experimental results using several ultrasound tongue image datasets revealed that the combination of both localization and globalization searching could improve prediction result significantly. Assessment of BowNet models using both qualitatively and quantitatively studies showed them outstanding achievements in terms of accuracy and robustness in comparison with similar techniques. 

102__ Estimating Causal Effects of Tone in Online Debates__arXiv:1906.04177
Author: Dhanya Sridhar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04177
 Abstract: Statistical methods applied to social media posts shed light on the dynamics of online dialogue. For example, users' wording choices predict their persuasiveness and users adopt the language patterns of other dialogue participants. In this paper, we estimate the causal effect of reply tones in debates on linguistic and sentiment changes in subsequent responses. The challenge for this estimation is that a reply's tone and subsequent responses are confounded by the users' ideologies on the debate topic and their emotions. To overcome this challenge, we learn representations of ideology using generative models of text.vWe study debates from 4Forums.com and compare annotated tones of replying such as emotional versus factual, or reasonable versus attacking. We show that our latent confounder representation reduces bias in ATE estimation. Our results suggest that factual and asserting tones affect dialogue and provide a methodology for estimating causal effects from text. 

103__ Selection consistency of Lasso-based procedures for misspecified  high-dimensional binary model and random regressors__arXiv:1906.04175
Author: Mariusz Kubkowski
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04175
 Abstract: We consider selection of random predictors for high-dimensional regression problem with binary response for a general loss function. Important special case is when the binary model is semiparametric and the response function is misspecified under parametric model fit. Selection for such a scenario aims at recovering the support of the minimizer of the associated risk with large probability. We propose a two-step selection procedure which consists of screening and ordering predictors by Lasso method and then selecting a subset of predictors which minimizes Generalized Information Criterion on the corresponding nested family of models. We prove consistency of the selection method under conditions which allow for much larger number of predictors than number of observations. For the semiparametric case when distribution of random predictors satisfies linear regression conditions the true and the estimated parameters are collinear and their common support can be consistently identified. 

104__ Leveraging BERT for Extractive Text Summarization on Lectures__arXiv:1906.04165
Author: Derek Miller
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04165
 Abstract: In the last two decades, automatic extractive text summarization on lectures has demonstrated to be a useful tool for collecting key phrases and sentences that best represent the content. However, many current approaches utilize dated approaches, producing sub-par outputs or requiring several hours of manual tuning to produce meaningful results. Recently, new machine learning architectures have provided mechanisms for extractive summarization through the clustering of output embeddings from deep learning models. This paper reports on the project called Lecture Summarization Service, a python based RESTful service that utilizes the BERT model for text embeddings and KMeans clustering to identify sentences closes to the centroid for summary selection. The purpose of the service was to provide students a utility that could summarize lecture content, based on their desired number of sentences. On top of the summary work, the service also includes lecture and summary management, storing content on the cloud which can be used for collaboration. While the results of utilizing BERT for extractive summarization were promising, there were still areas where the model struggled, providing feature research opportunities for further improvement. 

105__ An Automatic End-to-End Fact Checking System__arXiv:1906.04164
Author: Moin Nadeem
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04164
 Abstract: We present FAKTA which is a unified framework that integrates various components of a fact checking process: document retrieval from media sources with various types of reliability, stance detection of documents with respect to given claims, evidence extraction, and linguistic analysis. FAKTA predicts the factuality of given claims and provides evidence at the document and sentence level to explain its predictions 