------------------------------
Thu, Apr 11  2019
------------------------------

001__ Analysis of the Gradient Descent Algorithm for a Deep Neural Network  Model with Skip-connections__arXiv:1904.05263
Author: Weinan E
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05263
 Abstract: The behavior of the gradient descent (GD) algorithm is analyzed for a deep neural network model with skip-connections. It is proved that in the over-parametrized regime, for a suitable initialization, with high probability GD can find a global minimum exponentially fast. Generalization error estimates along the GD path are also established. As a consequence, it is shown that when the target function is in the reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS) with a kernel defined by the initialization, there exist generalizable early-stopping solutions along the GD path. In addition, it is also shown that the GD path is uniformly close to the functions given by the related random feature model. Consequently, in this "implicit regularization" setting, the deep neural network model deteriorates to a random feature model. Our results hold for neural networks of any width larger than the input dimension. 

002__ What's in a Name? Reducing Bias in Bios without Access to Protected  Attributes__arXiv:1904.05233
Author: Alexey Romanov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05233
 Abstract: There is a growing body of work that proposes methods for mitigating bias in machine learning systems. These methods typically rely on access to protected attributes such as race, gender, or age. However, this raises two significant challenges: (1) protected attributes may not be available or it may not be legal to use them, and (2) it is often desirable to simultaneously consider multiple protected attributes, as well as their intersections. In the context of mitigating bias in occupation classification, we propose a method for discouraging correlation between the predicted probability of an individual's true occupation and a word embedding of their name. This method leverages the societal biases that are encoded in word embeddings, eliminating the need for access to protected attributes. Crucially, it only requires access to individuals' names at training time and not at deployment time. We evaluate two variations of our proposed method using a large-scale dataset of online biographies. We find that both variations simultaneously reduce race and gender biases, with almost no reduction in the classifier's overall true positive rate. 

003__ Black-box Adversarial Attacks on Video Recognition Models__arXiv:1904.05181
Author: Linxi Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05181
 Abstract: Deep neural networks (DNNs) are known for their vulnerability to adversarial examples. These are examples that have undergone a small, carefully crafted perturbation, and which can easily fool a DNN into making misclassifications at test time. Thus far, the field of adversarial research has mainly focused on image models, under either a white-box setting, where an adversary has full access to model parameters, or a black-box setting where an adversary can only query the target model for probabilities or labels. Whilst several white-box attacks have been proposed for video models, black-box video attacks are still unexplored. To close this gap, we propose the first black-box video attack framework, called V-BAD. V-BAD is a general framework for adversarial gradient estimation and rectification, based on Natural Evolution Strategies (NES). In particular, V-BAD utilizes \textit{tentative perturbations} transferred from image models, and \textit{partition-based rectifications} found by the NES on partitions (patches) of tentative perturbations, to obtain good adversarial gradient estimates with fewer queries to the target model. V-BAD is equivalent to estimating the projection of an adversarial gradient on a selected subspace. Using three benchmark video datasets, we demonstrate that V-BAD can craft both untargeted and targeted attacks to fool two state-of-the-art deep video recognition models. For the targeted attack, it achieves $>$93\% success rate using only an average of $3.4 \sim 8.4 \times 10^4$ queries, a similar number of queries to state-of-the-art black-box image attacks. This is despite the fact that videos often have two orders of magnitude higher dimensionality than static images. We believe that V-BAD is a promising new tool to evaluate and improve the robustness of video recognition models to black-box adversarial attacks. 

004__ Modeling a Hidden Dynamical System Using Energy Minimization and Kernel  Density Estimates__arXiv:1904.05172
Author: Trevor K. Karn
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05172
 Abstract: In this paper we develop a kernel density estimation (KDE) approach to modeling and forecasting recurrent trajectories on a compact manifold. For the purposes of this paper, a trajectory is a sequence of coordinates in a phase space defined by an underlying hidden dynamical system. Our work is inspired by earlier work on the use of KDE to detect shipping anomalies using high-density, high-quality automated information system (AIS) data as well as our own earlier work in trajectory modeling. We focus specifically on the sparse, noisy trajectory reconstruction problem in which the data are (i) sparsely sampled and (ii) subject to an imperfect observer that introduces noise. Under certain regularity assumptions, we show that the constructed estimator minimizes a specific energy function defined over the trajectory as the number of samples obtained grows. 

005__ What Triggers An Alert__arXiv:1904.05154
Author: Heinrich Dinkel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05154
 Abstract: Recent advances in automatic depression detection mostly derive from modality fusion and deep learning methods. However multi-modal approaches insert significant difficulty in data collection phase while deep learning methods' opaqueness lowers its credibility. This current work proposes a text-based multi-task BLSTM model with pretrained word embeddings. Our method outputs depression presence results as well as predicted severity score, culminating a state-of-the-art F1 score of 0.87, outperforming previous multi-modal studies. We also achieve the lowest RMSE compared with currently available text-based approaches. Further, by utilizing a per time step attention mechanism we analyse the sentences/words that contribute most in predicting the depressed state. Surprisingly, `unmeaningful' words/paralinguistic information such as `um' and `uh' are the indicators to our model when making a depression prediction. It is for the first time revealed that fillers in a conversation trigger a depression alert for a deep learning model. error here, check on website.

007__ Knowledge Squeezed Adversarial Network Compression__arXiv:1904.05100
Author: Shu Changyong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05100
 Abstract: Deep network compression has been achieved notable progress via knowledge distillation, where a teacher-student learning manner is adopted by using predetermined loss. Recently, more focuses have been transferred to employ the adversarial training to minimize the discrepancy between distributions of output from two networks. However, they always emphasize on result-oriented learning while neglecting the scheme of process-oriented learning, leading to the loss of rich information contained in the whole network pipeline. Inspired by the assumption that, the small network can not perfectly mimic a large one due to the huge gap of network scale, we propose a knowledge transfer method, involving effective intermediate supervision, under the adversarial training framework to learn the student network. To achieve powerful but highly compact intermediate information representation, the squeezed knowledge is realized by task-driven attention mechanism. Then, the transferred knowledge from teacher network could accommodate the size of student network. As a result, the proposed method integrates merits from both process-oriented and result-oriented learning. Extensive experimental results on three typical benchmark datasets, i.e., CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, and ImageNet, demonstrate that our method achieves highly superior performances against other state-of-the-art methods. 

008__ Multitask Hopfield Networks__arXiv:1904.05098
Author: Marco Frasca
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05098
 Abstract: Multitask algorithms typically use task similarity information as a bias to speed up and improve the performance of learning processes. Tasks are learned jointly, sharing information across them, in order to construct models more accurate than those learned separately over single tasks. In this contribution, we present the first multitask model, to our knowledge, based on Hopfield Networks (HNs), named HoMTask. We show that by appropriately building a unique HN embedding all tasks, a more robust and effective classification model can be learned. HoMTask is a transductive semi-supervised parametric HN, that minimizes an energy function extended to all nodes and to all tasks under study. We provide theoretical evidence that the optimal parameters automatically estimated by HoMTask make coherent the model itself with the prior knowledge (connection weights and node labels). The convergence properties of HNs are preserved, and the fixed point reached by the network dynamics gives rise to the prediction of unlabeled nodes. The proposed model improves the classification abilities of singletask HNs on a preliminary benchmark comparison, and achieves competitive performance with state-of-the-art semi-supervised graph-based algorithms. 

009__ A Survey__arXiv:1904.05046
Author: Yaqing Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05046
 Abstract: The quest of `can machines think' and `can machines do what human do' are quests that drive the development of artificial intelligence. Although recent artificial intelligence succeeds in many data intensive applications, it still lacks the ability of learning from limited exemplars and fast generalizing to new tasks. To tackle this problem, one has to turn to machine learning, which supports the scientific study of artificial intelligence. Particularly, a machine learning problem called Few-Shot Learning (FSL) targets at this case. It can rapidly generalize to new tasks of limited supervised experience by turning to prior knowledge, which mimics human's ability to acquire knowledge from few examples through generalization and analogy. It has been seen as a test-bed for real artificial intelligence, a way to reduce laborious data gathering and computationally costly training, and antidote for rare cases learning. With extensive works on FSL emerging, we give a comprehensive survey for it. We first give the formal definition for FSL. Then we point out the core issues of FSL, which turns the problem from "how to solve FSL" to "how to deal with the core issues". Accordingly, existing works from the birth of FSL to the most recent published ones are categorized in a unified taxonomy, with thorough discussion of the pros and cons for different categories. Finally, we envision possible future directions for FSL in terms of problem setup, techniques, applications and theory, hoping to provide insights to both beginners and experienced researchers. 

010__ Discovering patterns of online popularity from time series__arXiv:1904.04994
Author: Mert Ozer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04994
 Abstract: How is popularity gained online? Is being successful strictly related to rapidly becoming viral in an online platform or is it possible to acquire popularity in a steady and disciplined fashion? What are other temporal characteristics that can unveil the popularity of online content? To answer these questions, we leverage a multi-faceted temporal analysis of the evolution of popular online contents. Here, we present dipm-SC: a multi-dimensional shape-based time-series clustering algorithm with a heuristic to find the optimal number of clusters. First, we validate the accuracy of our algorithm on synthetic datasets generated from benchmark time series models. Second, we show that dipm-SC can uncover meaningful clusters of popularity behaviors in a real-world Twitter dataset. By clustering the multidimensional time-series of the popularity of contents coupled with other domain-specific dimensions, we uncover two main patterns of popularity: bursty and steady temporal behaviors. Moreover, we find that the way popularity is gained over time has no significant impact on the final cumulative popularity. 

011__ Identification of Predictive Sub-Phenotypes of Acute Kidney Injury using  Structured and Unstructured Electronic Health Record Data with Memory  Networks__arXiv:1904.04990
Author: Zhenxing Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04990
 Abstract: Acute Kidney Injury (AKI) is a common clinical syndrome characterized by the rapid loss of kidney excretory function, which aggravates the clinical severity of other diseases in a large number of hospitalized patients. Accurate early prediction of AKI can enable in-time interventions and treatments. However, AKI is highly heterogeneous, thus identification of AKI sub-phenotypes can lead to an improved understanding of the disease pathophysiology and development of more targeted clinical interventions. This study used a memory network-based deep learning approach to discover predictive AKI sub-phenotypes using structured and unstructured electronic health record (EHR) data of patients before AKI diagnosis. We leveraged a real world critical care EHR corpus including 37,486 ICU stays. Our approach identified three distinct sub-phenotypes: sub-phenotype I is with an average age of 63.03$ \pm 17.25 $ years, and is characterized by mild loss of kidney excretory function (Serum Creatinne (SCr) $1.55\pm 0.34$ mg/dL, estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate Test (eGFR) $107.65\pm 54.98$ mL/min/1.73$m^2$). These patients are more likely to develop stage I AKI. Sub-phenotype II is with average age 66.81$ \pm 10.43 $ years, and was characterized by severe loss of kidney excretory function (SCr $1.96\pm 0.49$ mg/dL, eGFR $82.19\pm 55.92$ mL/min/1.73$m^2$). These patients are more likely to develop stage III AKI. Sub-phenotype III is with average age 65.07$ \pm 11.32 $ years, and was characterized moderate loss of kidney excretory function and thus more likely to develop stage II AKI (SCr $1.69\pm 0.32$ mg/dL, eGFR $93.97\pm 56.53$ mL/min/1.73$m^2$). Both SCr and eGFR are significantly different across the three sub-phenotypes with statistical testing plus postdoc analysis, and the conclusion still holds after age adjustment. 

012__ A scoping review__arXiv:1904.04940
Author: Maria Bampa
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04940
 Abstract: The increased adoption of Electronic Health Records(EHRs) has brought changes to the way the patient care is carried out. The rich heterogeneous and temporal data space stored in EHRs can be leveraged by machine learning models to capture the underlying information and make clinically relevant predictions. This can be exploited to support public health activities such as pharmacovigilance and specifically mitigate the public health issue of Adverse Drug Events(ADEs). The aim of this article is, therefore, to investigate the various ways of handling temporal data for the purpose of detecting ADEs. Based on a review of the existing literature, 11 articles from the last 10 years were chosen to be studied. According to the literature retrieved the main methods were found to fall into 5 different approaches: based on temporal abstraction, graph-based, learning weights and data tables containing time series of different length. To that end, EHRs are a valuable source that has led current research to the automatic detection of ADEs. Yet there still exists a great deal of challenges that concerns the exploitation of the heterogeneous, data types with temporal information included in EHRs for predicting ADEs. 

013__ Small-World Neural Networks and Rapid Convergence__arXiv:1904.04862
Author: Mojan Javaheripi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04862
 Abstract: Training large and highly accurate deep learning (DL) models is computationally costly. This cost is in great part due to the excessive number of trained parameters, which are well-known to be redundant and compressible for the execution phase. This paper proposes a novel transformation which changes the topology of the DL architecture such that it reaches an optimal cross-layer connectivity. This transformation leverages our important observation that for a set level of accuracy, convergence is fastest when network topology reaches the boundary of a Small-World Network. Small-world graphs are known to possess a specific connectivity structure that enables enhanced signal propagation among nodes. Our small-world models, called SWNets, provide several intriguing benefits: they facilitate data (gradient) flow within the network, enable feature-map reuse by adding long-range connections and accommodate various network architectures/datasets. Compared to densely connected networks (e.g., DenseNets), SWNets require a substantially fewer number of training parameters while maintaining a similar level of classification accuracy. We evaluate our networks on various DL model architectures and image classification datasets, namely, CIFAR10, CIFAR100, and ILSVRC (ImageNet). Our experiments demonstrate an average of ~2.1x improvement in convergence speed to the desired accuracy 

014__ Universal Lipschitz Approximation in Bounded Depth Neural Networks__arXiv:1904.04861
Author: Jeremy E.J. Cohen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04861
 Abstract: Adversarial attacks against machine learning models are a rather hefty obstacle to our increasing reliance on these models. Due to this, provably robust (certified) machine learning models are a major topic of interest. Lipschitz continuous models present a promising approach to solving this problem. By leveraging the expressive power of a variant of neural networks which maintain low Lipschitz constants, we prove that three layer neural networks using the FullSort activation function are Universal Lipschitz function Approximators (ULAs). This both explains experimental results and paves the way for the creation of better certified models going forward. We conclude by presenting experimental results that suggest that ULAs are a not just a novelty, but a competitive approach to providing certified classifiers, using these results to motivate several potential topics of further research. 

015__ Dynamic Neighborhood Aggregation in Graph Neural Networks__arXiv:1904.04849
Author: Matthias Fey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04849
 Abstract: We propose a dynamic neighborhood aggregation (DNA) procedure guided by (multi-head) attention for representation learning on graphs. In contrast to current graph neural networks which follow a simple neighborhood aggregation scheme, our DNA procedure allows for a selective and node-adaptive aggregation of neighboring embeddings of potentially differing locality. In order to avoid overfitting, we propose to control the channel-wise connections between input and output by making use of grouped linear projections. In a number of transductive node-classification experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. 

016__ Cross-Platform Performance Portability Using Highly Parametrized SYCL  Kernels__arXiv:1904.05347
Author: John Lawson
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05347
 Abstract: Over recent years heterogeneous systems have become more prevalent across HPC systems, with over 100 supercomputers in the TOP500 incorporating GPUs or other accelerators. These hardware platforms have different performance characteristics and optimization requirements. In order to make the most of multiple accelerators a developer has to provide implementations of their algorithms tuned for each device. Hardware vendors provide libraries targeting their devices specifically, which provide good performance but frequently have different API designs, hampering portability. The SYCL programming model allows users to write heterogeneous programs using completely standard C++, and so developers have access to the power of C++ templates when developing compute kernels. In this paper we show that by writing highly parameterized kernels for matrix multiplies and convolutions we achieve performance competitive with vendor implementations across different architectures. Furthermore, tuning for new devices amounts to choosing the combinations of kernel parameters that perform best on the hardware. 

017__ Modeling Clinical Notes and Predicting Hospital  Readmission__arXiv:1904.05342
Author: Kexin Huang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05342
 Abstract: Clinical notes contain information about patients that goes beyond structured data like lab values and medications. However, clinical notes have been underused relative to structured data, because notes are high-dimensional and sparse. This work develops and evaluates representations of clinical notes using bidirectional transformers (ClinicalBert). ClinicalBert uncovers high-quality relationships between medical concepts as judged by humans. ClinicalBert outperforms baselines on 30-day hospital readmission prediction using both discharge summaries and the first few days of notes in the intensive care unit. Code and model parameters are available. 

018__ New Computational and Statistical Aspects of Regularized Regression with  Application to Rare Feature Selection and Aggregation__arXiv:1904.05338
Author: Amin Jalali
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05338
 Abstract: Prior knowledge on properties of a target model often come as discrete or combinatorial descriptions. This work provides a unified computational framework for defining norms that promote such structures. More specifically, we develop associated tools for optimization involving such norms given only the orthogonal projection oracle onto the non-convex set of desired models. As an example, we study a norm, which we term the doubly-sparse norm, for promoting vectors with few nonzero entries taking only a few distinct values. We further discuss how the K-means algorithm can serve as the underlying projection oracle in this case and how it can be efficiently represented as a quadratically constrained quadratic program. Our motivation for the study of this norm is regularized regression in the presence of rare features which poses a challenge to various methods within high-dimensional statistics, and in machine learning in general. The proposed estimation procedure is designed to perform automatic feature selection and aggregation for which we develop statistical bounds. The bounds are general and offer a statistical framework for norm-based regularization. The bounds rely on novel geometric quantities on which we attempt to elaborate as well. 

019__ Adapting Stochastic Block Models to Power-Law Degree Distributions__arXiv:1904.05335
Author: Maoying Qiao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05335
 Abstract: Stochastic block models (SBMs) have been playing an important role in modeling clusters or community structures of network data. But, it is incapable of handling several complex features ubiquitously exhibited in real-world networks, one of which is the power-law degree characteristic. To this end, we propose a new variant of SBM, termed power-law degree SBM (PLD-SBM), by introducing degree decay variables to explicitly encode the varying degree distribution over all nodes. With an exponential prior, it is proved that PLD-SBM approximately preserves the scale-free feature in real networks. In addition, from the inference of variational E-Step, PLD-SBM is indeed to correct the bias inherited in SBM with the introduced degree decay factors. Furthermore, experiments conducted on both synthetic networks and two real-world datasets including Adolescent Health Data and the political blogs network verify the effectiveness of the proposed model in terms of cluster prediction accuracies. 

020__ Bayesian estimation of the latent dimension and communities in  stochastic blockmodels__arXiv:1904.05333
Author: Francesco Sanna Passino
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05333
 Abstract: Spectral embedding of adjacency or Laplacian matrices of undirected graphs is a common technique for representing a network in a lower dimensional latent space, with optimal theoretical guarantees. The embedding can be used to estimate the community structure of the network, with strong consistency results in the stochastic blockmodel framework. One of the main practical limitations of standard algorithms for community detection from spectral embeddings is that the number of communities and the latent dimension of the embedding must be specified in advance. In this article, a novel Bayesian model for simultaneous and automatic selection of the appropriate dimension of the latent space and the number of blocks is proposed. Extensions to directed and bipartite graphs are discussed. The model is tested on simulated and real world network data, showing promising performance for recovering latent community structure. 

021__ Community detection over a heterogeneous population of non-aligned  networks__arXiv:1904.05332
Author: Guilherme Gomes
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05332
 Abstract: Clustering and community detection with multiple graphs have typically focused on aligned graphs, where there is a mapping between nodes across the graphs (e.g., multi-view, multi-layer, temporal graphs). However, there are numerous application areas with multiple graphs that are only partially aligned, or even unaligned. These graphs are often drawn from the same population, with communities of potentially different sizes that exhibit similar structure. In this paper, we develop a joint stochastic blockmodel (Joint SBM) to estimate shared communities across sets of heterogeneous non-aligned graphs. We derive an efficient spectral clustering approach to learn the parameters of the joint SBM. We evaluate the model on both synthetic and real-world datasets and show that the joint model is able to exploit cross-graph information to better estimate the communities compared to learning separate SBMs on each individual graph. 

022__ Hierarchical Stochastic Block Model for Community Detection in Multiplex  Networks__arXiv:1904.05330
Author: Marina S. Paez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05330
 Abstract: Multiplex networks have become increasingly more prevalent in many fields, and have emerged as a powerful tool for modeling the complexity of real networks. There is a critical need for developing inference models for multiplex networks that can take into account potential dependencies across different layers, particularly when the aim is community detection. We add to a limited literature by proposing a novel and efficient Bayesian model for community detection in multiplex networks. A key feature of our approach is the ability to model varying communities at different network layers. In contrast, many existing models assume the same communities for all layers. Moreover, our model automatically picks up the necessary number of communities at each layer (as validated by real data examples). This is appealing, since deciding the number of communities is a challenging aspect of community detection, and especially so in the multiplex setting, if one allows the communities to change across layers. Borrowing ideas from hierarchical Bayesian modeling, we use a hierarchical Dirichlet prior to model community labels across layers, allowing dependency in their structure. Given the community labels, a stochastic block model (SBM) is assumed for each layer. We develop an efficient slice sampler for sampling the posterior distribution of the community labels as well as the link probabilities between communities. In doing so, we address some unique challenges posed by coupling the complex likelihood of SBM with the hierarchical nature of the prior on the labels. An extensive empirical validation is performed on simulated and real data, demonstrating the superior performance of the model over single-layer alternatives, as well as the ability to uncover interesting structures in real networks. 

023__ Risk Aware Reranking for Top-$k$ Recommendations__arXiv:1904.05325
Author: Shameem A Puthiya Parambath
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05325
 Abstract: Given an incomplete ratings data over a set of users and items, the preference completion problem aims to estimate a personalized total preference order over a subset of the items. In practical settings, a ranked list of top-$k$ items from the estimated preference order is recommended to the end user in the decreasing order of preference for final consumption. We analyze this model and observe that such a ranking model results in suboptimal performance when the payoff associated with the recommended items is different. We propose a novel and very efficient algorithm for the preference re-ranking considering the uncertainty regarding the payoffs of the items. Once the preference scores for the users are obtained using any preference learning algorithm, we show that re-ranking the items using a risk seeking utility function results in the best ranking performance. 

024__ Deep Neural Networks Ensemble for Detecting Medication Mentions in  Tweets__arXiv:1904.05308
Author: Davy Weissenbacher
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05308
 Abstract: Objective: After years of research, Twitter posts are now recognized as an important source of patient-generated data, providing unique insights into population health. A fundamental step to incorporating Twitter data in pharmacoepidemiological research is to automatically recognize medication mentions in tweets. Given that lexical searches for medication names may fail due to misspellings or ambiguity with common words, we propose a more advanced method to recognize them. Methods: We present Kusuri, an Ensemble Learning classifier, able to identify tweets mentioning drug products and dietary supplements. Kusuri ("medication" in Japanese) is composed of two modules. First, four different classifiers (lexicon-based, spelling-variant-based, pattern-based and one based on a weakly-trained neural network) are applied in parallel to discover tweets potentially containing medication names. Second, an ensemble of deep neural networks encoding morphological, semantical and long-range dependencies of important words in the tweets discovered is used to make the final decision. Results: On a balanced (50-50) corpus of 15,005 tweets, Kusuri demonstrated performances close to human annotators with 93.7% F1-score, the best score achieved thus far on this corpus. On a corpus made of all tweets posted by 113 Twitter users (98,959 tweets, with only 0.26% mentioning medications), Kusuri obtained 76.3% F1-score. There is not a prior drug extraction system that compares running on such an extremely unbalanced dataset. Conclusion: The system identifies tweets mentioning drug names with performance high enough to ensure its usefulness and ready to be integrated in larger natural language processing systems. 

025__ Iterative Residual Refinement for Joint Optical Flow and Occlusion  Estimation__arXiv:1904.05290
Author: Junhwa Hur
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05290
 Abstract: Deep learning approaches to optical flow estimation have seen rapid progress over the recent years. One common trait of many networks is that they refine an initial flow estimate either through multiple stages or across the levels of a coarse-to-fine representation. While leading to more accurate results, the downside of this is an increased number of parameters. Taking inspiration from both classical energy minimization approaches as well as residual networks, we propose an iterative residual refinement (IRR) scheme based on weight sharing that can be combined with several backbone networks. It reduces the number of parameters, improves the accuracy, or even achieves both. Moreover, we show that integrating occlusion prediction and bi-directional flow estimation into our IRR scheme can further boost the accuracy. Our full network achieves state-of-the-art results for both optical flow and occlusion estimation across several standard datasets. 

026__ Active Learning for Decision-Making from Imbalanced Observational Data__arXiv:1904.05268
Author: Iiris Sundin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05268
 Abstract: Machine learning can help personalized decision support by learning models to predict individual treatment effects (ITE). This work studies the reliability of prediction-based decision-making in a task of deciding which action $a$ to take for a target unit after observing its covariates $\tilde{x}$ and predicted outcomes $\hat{p}(\tilde{y} \mid \tilde{x}, a)$. An example case is personalized medicine and the decision of which treatment to give to a patient. A common problem when learning these models from observational data is imbalance, that is, difference in treated/control covariate distributions, which is known to increase the upper bound of the expected ITE estimation error. We propose to assess the decision-making reliability by estimating the ITE model's Type S error rate, which is the probability of the model inferring the sign of the treatment effect wrong. Furthermore, we use the estimated reliability as a criterion for active learning, in order to collect new (possibly expensive) observations, instead of making a forced choice based on unreliable predictions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this decision-making aware active learning in two decision-making tasks: in simulated data with binary outcomes and in a medical dataset with synthetic and continuous treatment outcomes. 

027__ Attraction-Repulsion clustering with applications to fairness__arXiv:1904.05254
Author: Eustasio del Barrio
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05254
 Abstract: In the framework of fair learning, we consider clustering methods that avoid or limit the influence of a set of protected attributes, $S$, (race, sex, etc) over the resulting clusters, with the goal of producing a fair clustering. For this, we introduce perturbations to the Euclidean distance that take into account $S$ in a way that resembles attraction-repulsion in charged particles in Physics and results in dissimilarities with an easy interpretation. Cluster analysis based on these dissimilarities penalizes homogeneity of the clusters in the attributes $S$, and leads to an improvement in fairness. We illustrate the use of our procedures with both synthetic and real data. 

028__ Next-Active-Object prediction from Egocentric Videos__arXiv:1904.05250
Author: Antonino Furnari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05250
 Abstract: Although First Person Vision systems can sense the environment from the user's perspective, they are generally unable to predict his intentions and goals. Since human activities can be decomposed in terms of atomic actions and interactions with objects, intelligent wearable systems would benefit from the ability to anticipate user-object interactions. Even if this task is not trivial, the First Person Vision paradigm can provide important cues to address this challenge. We propose to exploit the dynamics of the scene to recognize next-active-objects before an object interaction begins. We train a classifier to discriminate trajectories leading to an object activation from all others and forecast next-active-objects by analyzing fixed-length trajectory segments within a temporal sliding window. The proposed method compares favorably with respect to several baselines on the Activity of Daily Living (ADL) egocentric dataset comprising 10 hours of videos acquired by 20 subjects while performing unconstrained interactions with several objects. 

029__ A Model for Using Physiological Conditions for Proactive Tourist  Recommendations__arXiv:1904.05247
Author: Rinita Roy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05247
 Abstract: Mobile proactive tourist recommender systems can support tourists by recommending the best choice depending on different contexts related to herself and the environment. In this paper, we propose to utilize wearable sensors to gather health information about a tourist and use them for recommending tourist activities. We discuss a range of wearable devices, sensors to infer physiological conditions of the users, and exemplify the feasibility using a popular self-quantification mobile app. Our main contribution then comprises a data model to derive relations between the parameters measured by the wearable sensors, such as heart rate, body temperature, blood pressure, and use them to infer the physiological condition of a user. This model can then be used to derive classes of tourist activities that determine which items should be recommended. 

030__ Constraining Gaussian Processes by Variational  Harmonic Features__arXiv:1904.05207
Author: Arno Solin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05207
 Abstract: Gaussian processes (GPs) provide a powerful framework for extrapolation, interpolation, and noise removal in regression and classification. This paper considers constraining GPs to arbitrarily-shaped domains with boundary conditions. We solve a Fourier-like generalised harmonic feature representation of the GP prior in the domain of interest, which both constrains the GP and attains a low-rank representation that is used for speeding up inference. The method scales as $\mathcal{O}(nm^2)$ in prediction and $\mathcal{O}(m^3)$ in hyperparameter learning for regression, where $n$ is the number of data points and $m$ the number of features. Furthermore, we make use of the variational approach to allow the method to deal with non-Gaussian likelihoods. The experiments cover both simulated and empirical data in which the boundary conditions allow for inclusion of additional physical information. 

031__ Acoustic Scene Classification by Implicitly Identifying Distinct Sound  Events__arXiv:1904.05204
Author: Hongwei Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05204
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a new strategy for acoustic scene classification (ASC) , namely recognizing acoustic scenes through identifying distinct sound events. This differs from existing strategies, which focus on characterizing global acoustical distributions of audio or the temporal evolution of short-term audio features, without analysis down to the level of sound events. To identify distinct sound events for each scene, we formulate ASC in a multi-instance learning (MIL) framework, where each audio recording is mapped into a bag-of-instances representation. Here, instances can be seen as high-level representations for sound events inside a scene. We also propose a MIL neural networks model, which implicitly identifies distinct instances (i.e., sound events). Furthermore, we propose two specially designed modules that model the multi-temporal scale and multi-modal natures of the sound events respectively. The experiments were conducted on the official development set of the DCASE2018 Task1 Subtask B, and our best-performing model improves over the official baseline by 9.4% (68.3% vs 58.9%) in terms of classification accuracy. This study indicates that recognizing acoustic scenes by identifying distinct sound events is effective and paves the way for future studies that combine this strategy with previous ones. 

032__ Accelerated Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy with Deep Learning__arXiv:1904.05168
Author: Xiaobo Qu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05168
 Abstract: Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy serves as an indispensable tool in chemistry and biology but often suffers from long experimental time. We present a proof-of-concept of harnessing deep learning and neural network for high-quality, reliable, and very fast NMR spectra reconstruction from limited experimental data. We show that the neural network training can be achieved using solely synthetic NMR signal, which lifts the prohibiting demand for large volume of realistic training data usually required in the deep learning approach. 

033__ Data assimilation in a nonlinear time-delayed dynamical system__arXiv:1904.05163
Author: Tullio Traverso
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05163
 Abstract: When the heat released by a flame is sufficiently in phase with the acoustic pressure, a self-excited thermoacoustic oscillation can arise. These nonlinear oscillations are one of the biggest challenges faced in the design of safe and reliable gas turbines and rocket motors. In the worst-case scenario, uncontrolled thermoacoustic oscillations can shake an engine apart. Reduced-order thermoacoustic models, which are nonlinear and time-delayed, can only qualitatively predict thermoacoustic oscillations. To make reduced-order models quantitatively predictive, we develop a data assimilation framework for state estimation. We numerically estimate the most likely nonlinear state of a Galerkin-discretized time delayed model of a horizontal Rijke tube, which is a prototypical combustor. Data assimilation is an optimal blending of observations with previous state estimates (background) to produce optimal initial conditions. A cost functional is defined to measure the statistical distance between the model output and the measurements from experiments; and the distance between the initial conditions and the background knowledge. Its minimum corresponds to the optimal state, which is computed by Lagrangian optimization with the aid of adjoint equations. We study the influence of the number of Galerkin modes, which are the natural acoustic modes of the duct, with which the model is discretized. We show that decomposing the measured pressure signal in a finite number of modes is an effective way to enhance state estimation, especially when nonlinear modal interactions occur during the assimilation window. This work represents the first application of data assimilation to nonlinear thermoacoustics, which opens up new possibilities for real-time calibration of reduced-order models with experimental measurements. 

034__ Large-Scale Long-Tailed Recognition in an Open World__arXiv:1904.05160
Author: Ziwei Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05160
 Abstract: Real world data often have a long-tailed and open-ended distribution. A practical recognition system must classify among majority and minority classes, generalize from a few known instances, and acknowledge novelty upon a never seen instance. We define Open Long-Tailed Recognition (OLTR) as learning from such naturally distributed data and optimizing the classification accuracy over a balanced test set which include head, tail, and open classes. OLTR must handle imbalanced classification, few-shot learning, and open-set recognition in one integrated algorithm, whereas existing classification approaches focus only on one aspect and deliver poorly over the entire class spectrum. The key challenges are how to share visual knowledge between head and tail classes and how to reduce confusion between tail and open classes. We develop an integrated OLTR algorithm that maps an image to a feature space such that visual concepts can easily relate to each other based on a learned metric that respects the closed-world classification while acknowledging the novelty of the open world. Our so-called dynamic meta-embedding combines a direct image feature and an associated memory feature, with the feature norm indicating the familiarity to known classes. On three large-scale OLTR datasets we curate from object-centric ImageNet, scene-centric Places, and face-centric MS1M data, our method consistently outperforms the state-of-the-art. Our code, datasets, and models enable future OLTR research and are publicly available at this https URL 

035__ Short note on the behavior of recurrent neural network for noisy  dynamical system__arXiv:1904.05158
Author: Kyongmin Yeo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05158
 Abstract: The behavior of recurrent neural network for the data-driven simulation of noisy dynamical systems is studied by training a set of Long Short-Term Memory Networks (LSTM) on the Mackey-Glass time series with a wide range of noise level. It is found that, as the training noise becomes larger, LSTM learns to depend more on its autonomous dynamics than the noisy input data. As a result, LSTM trained on noisy data becomes less susceptible to the perturbation in the data, but has a longer relaxation timescale. On the other hand, when trained on noiseless data, LSTM becomes extremely sensitive to a small perturbation, but is able to adjusts to the changes in the input data. 

036__ Actor-Critic Instance Segmentation__arXiv:1904.05126
Author: Nikita Araslanov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05126
 Abstract: Most approaches to visual scene analysis have emphasised parallel processing of the image elements. However, one area in which the sequential nature of vision is apparent, is that of segmenting multiple, potentially similar and partially occluded objects in a scene. In this work, we revisit the recurrent formulation of this challenging problem in the context of reinforcement learning. Motivated by the limitations of the global max-matching assignment of the ground-truth segments to the recurrent states, we develop an actor-critic approach in which the actor recurrently predicts one instance mask at a time and utilises the gradient from a concurrently trained critic network. We formulate the state, action, and the reward such as to let the critic model long-term effects of the current prediction and incorporate this information into the gradient signal. Furthermore, to enable effective exploration in the inherently high-dimensional action space of instance masks, we learn a compact representation using a conditional variational auto-encoder. We show that our actor-critic model consistently provides accuracy benefits over the recurrent baseline on standard instance segmentation benchmarks. 

037__ An Application-Specific VLIW Processor with Vector Instruction Set for  CNN Acceleration__arXiv:1904.05106
Author: Andreas Bytyn
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05106
 Abstract: In recent years, neural networks have surpassed classical algorithms in areas such as object recognition, e.g. in the well-known ImageNet challenge. As a result, great effort is being put into developing fast and efficient accelerators, especially for Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). In this work we present ConvAix, a fully C-programmable processor, which -- contrary to many existing architectures -- does not rely on a hard-wired array of multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) units. Instead it maps computations onto independent vector lanes making use of a carefully designed vector instruction set. The presented processor is targeted towards latency-sensitive applications and is capable of executing up to 192 MAC operations per cycle. ConvAix operates at a target clock frequency of 400 MHz in 28nm CMOS, thereby offering state-of-the-art performance with proper flexibility within its target domain. Simulation results for several 2D convolutional layers from well known CNNs (AlexNet, VGG-16) show an average ALU utilization of 72.5% using vector instructions with 16 bit fixed-point arithmetic. Compared to other well-known designs which are less flexible, ConvAix offers competitive energy efficiency of up to 497 GOP/s/W while even surpassing them in terms of area efficiency and processing speed. 

038__ A Framework for Multi-f0 Modeling in SATB Choir Recordings__arXiv:1904.05086
Author: Helena Cuesta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05086
 Abstract: Fundamental frequency (f0) modeling is an important but relatively unexplored aspect of choir singing. Performance evaluation as well as auditory analysis of singing, whether individually or in a choir, often depend on extracting f0 contours for the singing voice. However, due to the large number of singers, singing at a similar frequency range, extracting the exact individual pitch contours from choir recordings is a challenging task. In this paper, we address this task and develop a methodology for modeling pitch contours of SATB choir recordings. A typical SATB choir consists of four parts, each covering a distinct range of pitches and often with multiple singers each. We first evaluate some state-of-the-art multi-f0 estimation systems for the particular case of choirs with a single singer per part, and observe that the pitch of individual singers can be estimated to a relatively high degree of accuracy. We observe, however, that the scenario of multiple singers for each choir part (i.e. unison singing) is far more challenging. In this work we propose a methodology based on combining a multi-f0 estimation methodology based on deep learning followed by a set of traditional DSP techniques to model f0 and its dispersion instead of a single f0 trajectory for each choir part. We present and discuss our observations and test our framework with different singer configurations. 

039__ A Deep Neural Network Based Representation for Audio  Signals__arXiv:1904.05073
Author: Prateek Verma
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05073
 Abstract: We propose the Neuralogram -- a deep neural network based representation for understanding audio signals which, as the name suggests, transforms an audio signal to a dense, compact representation based upon embeddings learned via a neural architecture. Through a series of probing signals, we show how our representation can encapsulate pitch, timbre and rhythm-based information, and other attributes. This representation suggests a method for revealing meaningful relationships in arbitrarily long audio signals that are not readily represented by existing algorithms. This has the potential for numerous applications in audio understanding, music recommendation, meta-data extraction to name a few. 

040__ Relational Knowledge Distillation__arXiv:1904.05068
Author: Wonpyo Park
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05068
 Abstract: Knowledge distillation aims at transferring knowledge acquired in one model (a teacher) to another model (a student) that is typically smaller. Previous approaches can be expressed as a form of training the student to mimic output activations of individual data examples represented by the teacher. We introduce a novel approach, dubbed relational knowledge distillation (RKD), that transfers mutual relations of data examples instead. For concrete realizations of RKD, we propose distance-wise and angle-wise distillation losses that penalize structural differences in relations. Experiments conducted on different tasks show that the proposed method improves educated student models with a significant margin. In particular for metric learning, it allows students to outperform their teachers' performance, achieving the state of the arts on standard benchmark datasets. 

041__ A review on Neural Turing Machine__arXiv:1904.05061
Author: Soroor Malekmohammadi Faradonbeh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05061
 Abstract: One of the major objectives of Artificial Intelligence is to design learning algorithms that are executed on a general purposes computational machines such as human brain. Neural Turing Machine (NTM) is a step towards realizing such a computational machine. The attempt is made here to run a systematic review on Neural Turing Machine. First, the mind-map and taxonomy of machine learning, neural networks, and Turing machine are introduced. Next, NTM is inspected in terms of concepts, structure, variety of versions, implemented tasks, comparisons, etc. Finally, the paper discusses on issues and ends up with several future works. 

042__ Detecting Cybersecurity Events from Noisy Short Text__arXiv:1904.05054
Author: Semih Yagcioglu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05054
 Abstract: It is very critical to analyze messages shared over social networks for cyber threat intelligence and cyber-crime prevention. In this study, we propose a method that leverages both domain-specific word embeddings and task-specific features to detect cyber security events from tweets. Our model employs a convolutional neural network (CNN) and a long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network which takes word level meta-embeddings as inputs and incorporates contextual embeddings to classify noisy short text. We collected a new dataset of cyber security related tweets from Twitter and manually annotated a subset of 2K of them. We experimented with this dataset and concluded that the proposed model outperforms both traditional and neural baselines. The results suggest that our method works well for detecting cyber security events from noisy short text. 

043__ Classification of signaling proteins based on molecular star graph  descriptors using Machine Learning models__arXiv:1904.05052
Author: Carlos Fernandez-Lozano
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05052
 Abstract: Signaling proteins are an important topic in drug development due to the increased importance of finding fast, accurate and cheap methods to evaluate new molecular targets involved in specific diseases. The complexity of the protein structure hinders the direct association of the signaling activity with the molecular structure. Therefore, the proposed solution involves the use of protein star graphs for the peptide sequence information encoding into specific topological indices calculated with S2SNet tool. The Quantitative Structure-Activity Relationship classification model obtained with Machine Learning techniques is able to predict new signaling peptides. The best classification model is the first signaling prediction model, which is based on eleven descriptors and it was obtained using the Support Vector Machines - Recursive Feature Elimination (SVM-RFE) technique with the Laplacian kernel (RFE-LAP) and an AUROC of 0.961. Testing a set of 3114 proteins of unknown function from the PDB database assessed the prediction performance of the model. Important signaling pathways are presented for three UniprotIDs (34 PDBs) with a signaling prediction greater than 98.0%. 

044__ Weakly Supervised Learning of Instance Segmentation with Inter-pixel  Relations__arXiv:1904.05044
Author: Jiwoon Ahn
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05044
 Abstract: This paper presents a novel approach for learning instance segmentation with image-level class labels as supervision. Our approach generates pseudo instance segmentation labels of training images, which are used to train a fully supervised model. For generating the pseudo labels, we first identify confident seed areas of object classes from attention maps of an image classification model, and propagate them to discover the entire instance areas with accurate boundaries. To this end, we propose IRNet, which estimates rough areas of individual instances and detects boundaries between different object classes. It thus enables to assign instance labels to the seeds and to propagate them within the boundaries so that the entire areas of instances can be estimated accurately. Furthermore, IRNet is trained with inter-pixel relations on the attention maps, thus no extra supervision is required. Our method with IRNet achieves an outstanding performance on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset, surpassing not only previous state-of-the-art trained with the same level of supervision, but also some of previous models relying on stronger supervision. 

045__ Better Word Embeddings by Disentangling Contextual n-Gram Information__arXiv:1904.05033
Author: Prakhar Gupta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05033
 Abstract: Pre-trained word vectors are ubiquitous in Natural Language Processing applications. In this paper, we show how training word embeddings jointly with bigram and even trigram embeddings, results in improved unigram embeddings. We claim that training word embeddings along with higher n-gram embeddings helps in the removal of the contextual information from the unigrams, resulting in better stand-alone word embeddings. We empirically show the validity of our hypothesis by outperforming other competing word representation models by a significant margin on a wide variety of tasks. We make our models publicly available. 

046__ A Hierarchical Graph Perspective__arXiv:1904.05003
Author: Jia Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.05003
 Abstract: Node classification and graph classification are two graph learning problems that predict the class label of a node and the class label of a graph respectively. A node of a graph usually represents a real-world entity, e.g., a user in a social network, or a protein in a protein-protein interaction network. In this work, we consider a more challenging but practically useful setting, in which a node itself is a graph instance. This leads to a hierarchical graph perspective which arises in many domains such as social network, biological network and document collection. For example, in a social network, a group of people with shared interests forms a user group, whereas a number of user groups are interconnected via interactions or common members. We study the node classification problem in the hierarchical graph where a `node' is a graph instance, e.g., a user group in the above example. As labels are usually limited in real-world data, we design two novel semi-supervised solutions named \underline{SE}mi-supervised gr\underline{A}ph c\underline{L}assification via \underline{C}autious/\underline{A}ctive \underline{I}teration (or SEAL-C/AI in short). SEAL-C/AI adopt an iterative framework that takes turns to build or update two classifiers, one working at the graph instance level and the other at the hierarchical graph level. To simplify the representation of the hierarchical graph, we propose a novel supervised, self-attentive graph embedding method called SAGE, which embeds graph instances of arbitrary size into fixed-length vectors. Through experiments on synthetic data and Tencent QQ group data, we demonstrate that SEAL-C/AI not only outperform competing methods by a significant margin in terms of accuracy/Macro-F1, but also generate meaningful interpretations of the learned representations. 

047__ Unsupervised Monocular Depth Learning  from Unknown Cameras__arXiv:1904.04998
Author: Ariel Gordon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04998
 Abstract: We present a novel method for simultaneous learning of depth, egomotion, object motion, and camera intrinsics from monocular videos, using only consistency across neighboring video frames as supervision signal. Similarly to prior work, our method learns by applying differentiable warping to frames and comparing the result to adjacent ones, but it provides several improvements: We address occlusions geometrically and differentiably, directly using the depth maps as predicted during training. We introduce randomized layer normalization, a novel powerful regularizer, and we account for object motion relative to the scene. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to learn the camera intrinsic parameters, including lens distortion, from video in an unsupervised manner, thereby allowing us to extract accurate depth and motion from arbitrary videos of unknown origin at scale. We evaluate our results on the Cityscapes, KITTI and EuRoC datasets, establishing new state of the art on depth prediction and odometry, and demonstrate qualitatively that depth prediction can be learned from a collection of YouTube videos. 

048__ Data Priming Network for Automatic Check-Out__arXiv:1904.04978
Author: Congcong Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04978
 Abstract: Automatic Check-Out (ACO) receives increased interests in recent years. An important component of the ACO system is the visual item counting, which recognize the categories and counts of the items chosen by the customers. However, the training of such a system is challenged by the domain adaptation problem, in which the training data are images from isolated items while the testing images are for collections of items. Existing methods solve this problem with data augmentation using synthesized images, but the image synthesis leads to unreal images that affect the training process. In this paper, we propose a new data priming method to solve the domain adaptation problem. Specifically, we first use pre-augmentation data priming, in which we remove distracting background from the training images and select images with realistic view angles by the pose pruning method. In the post-augmentation step, we train a data priming network using detection and counting collaborative learning, and select more reliable images from testing data to train the final visual item tallying network. Experiments on the large scale Retail Product Checkout (RPC) dataset demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method, i.e., we achieve 80.51% checkout accuracy compared with 56.68% of the baseline methods. 

049__ Soft Conditional Computation__arXiv:1904.04971
Author: Brandon Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04971
 Abstract: Conditional computation aims to increase the size and accuracy of a network, at a small increase in inference cost. Previous hard-routing models explicitly route the input to a subset of experts. We propose soft conditional computation, which, in contrast, utilizes all experts while still permitting efficient inference through parameter routing. Concretely, for a given convolutional layer, we wish to compute a linear combination of $n$ experts $\alpha_1 \cdot (W_1 * x) + \ldots + \alpha_n \cdot (W_n * x)$, where $\alpha_1, \ldots, \alpha_n$ are functions of the input learned through gradient descent. A straightforward evaluation requires $n$ convolutions. We propose an equivalent form of the above computation, $(\alpha_1 W_1 + \ldots + \alpha_n W_n) * x$, which requires only a single convolution. We demonstrate the efficacy of our method, named CondConv, by scaling up the MobileNetV1, MobileNetV2, and ResNet-50 model architectures to achieve higher accuracy while retaining efficient inference. On the ImageNet classification dataset, CondConv improves the top-1 validation accuracy of the MobileNetV1(0.5x) model from 63.8% to 71.6% while only increasing inference cost by 27%. On COCO object detection, CondConv improves the minival mAP of a MobileNetV1(1.0x) SSD model from 20.3 to 22.4 with just a 4% increase in inference cost. 

050__ Bi-directional Attention Entity Graph Convolutional Network for  Multi-hop Reasoning Question Answering__arXiv:1904.04969
Author: Yu Cao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04969
 Abstract: Multi-hop reasoning question answering requires deep comprehension of relationships between various documents and queries. We propose a Bi-directional Attention Entity Graph Convolutional Network (BAG), leveraging relationships between nodes in an entity graph and attention information between a query and the entity graph, to solve this task. Graph convolutional networks are used to obtain a relation-aware representation of nodes for entity graphs built from documents with multi-level features. Bidirectional attention is then applied on graphs and queries to generate a query-aware nodes representation, which will be used for the final prediction. Experimental evaluation shows BAG achieves state-of-the-art accuracy performance on the QAngaroo WIKIHOP dataset. 

051__ On zero-shot recognition of generic objects__arXiv:1904.04957
Author: Tristan Hascoet
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04957
 Abstract: Many recent advances in computer vision are the result of a healthy competition among researchers on high quality, task-specific, benchmarks. After a decade of active research, zero-shot learning (ZSL) models accuracy on the Imagenet benchmark remains far too low to be considered for practical object recognition applications. In this paper, we argue that the main reason behind this apparent lack of progress is the poor quality of this benchmark. We highlight major structural flaws of the current benchmark and analyze different factors impacting the accuracy of ZSL models. We show that the actual classification accuracy of existing ZSL models is significantly higher than was previously thought as we account for these flaws. We then introduce the notion of structural bias specific to ZSL datasets. We discuss how the presence of this new form of bias allows for a trivial solution to the standard benchmark and conclude on the need for a new benchmark. We then detail the semi-automated construction of a new benchmark to address these flaws. 

052__ Distributed Deep Learning Strategies For Automatic Speech Recognition__arXiv:1904.04956
Author: Wei Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04956
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose and investigate a variety of distributed deep learning strategies for automatic speech recognition (ASR) and evaluate them with a state-of-the-art Long short-term memory (LSTM) acoustic model on the 2000-hour Switchboard (SWB2000), which is one of the most widely used datasets for ASR performance benchmark. We first investigate what are the proper hyper-parameters (e.g., learning rate) to enable the training with sufficiently large batch size without impairing the model accuracy. We then implement various distributed strategies, including Synchronous (SYNC), Asynchronous Decentralized Parallel SGD (ADPSGD) and the hybrid of the two HYBRID, to study their runtime/accuracy trade-off. We show that we can train the LSTM model using ADPSGD in 14 hours with 16 NVIDIA P100 GPUs to reach a 7.6% WER on the Hub5- 2000 Switchboard (SWB) test set and a 13.1% WER on the CallHome (CH) test set. Furthermore, we can train the model using HYBRID in 11.5 hours with 32 NVIDIA V100 GPUs without loss in accuracy. 

053__ Novel Uncertainty Framework for Deep Learning Ensembles__arXiv:1904.04917
Author: Tal Kachman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04917
 Abstract: Deep neural networks have become the default choice for many of the machine learning tasks such as classification and regression. Dropout, a method commonly used to improve the convergence of deep neural networks, generates an ensemble of thinned networks with extensive weight sharing. Recent studies that dropout can be viewed as an approximate variational inference in Gaussian processes, and used as a practical tool to obtain uncertainty estimates of the network. We propose a novel statistical mechanics based framework to dropout and use this framework to propose a new generic algorithm that focuses on estimates of the variance of the loss as measured by the ensemble of thinned networks. Our approach can be applied to a wide range of deep neural network architectures and machine learning tasks. In classification, this algorithm allows the generation of a don't-know answer to be generated, which can increase the reliability of the classifier. Empirically we demonstrate state-of-the-art AUC results on publicly available benchmarks. 

054__ Enhancing Time Series Momentum Strategies Using Deep Neural Networks__arXiv:1904.04912
Author: Bryan Lim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04912
 Abstract: While time series momentum is a well-studied phenomenon in finance, common strategies require the explicit definition of both a trend estimator and a position sizing rule. In this paper, we introduce Deep Momentum Networks -- a hybrid approach which injects deep learning based trading rules into the volatility scaling framework of time series momentum. The model also simultaneously learns both trend estimation and position sizing in a data-driven manner, with networks directly trained by optimising the Sharpe ratio of the signal. Backtesting on a portfolio of 88 continuous futures contracts, we demonstrate that the Sharpe-optimised LSTM improved traditional methods by more than two times in the absence of transactions costs, and continue outperforming when considering transaction costs up to 2-3 basis points. To account for more illiquid assets, we also propose a turnover regularisation term which trains the network to factor in costs at run-time. 

055__ Characterizing the impact of geometric properties of word embeddings on  task performance__arXiv:1904.04866
Author: Brendan Whitaker
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04866
 Abstract: Analysis of word embedding properties to inform their use in downstream NLP tasks has largely been studied by assessing nearest neighbors. However, geometric properties of the continuous feature space contribute directly to the use of embedding features in downstream models, and are largely unexplored. We consider four properties of word embedding geometry, namely: position relative to the origin, distribution of features in the vector space, global pairwise distances, and local pairwise distances. We define a sequence of transformations to generate new embeddings that expose subsets of these properties to downstream models and evaluate change in task performance to understand the contribution of each property to NLP models. We transform publicly available pretrained embeddings from three popular toolkits (word2vec, GloVe, and FastText) and evaluate on a variety of intrinsic tasks, which model linguistic information in the vector space, and extrinsic tasks, which use vectors as input to machine learning models. We find that intrinsic evaluations are highly sensitive to absolute position, while extrinsic tasks rely primarily on local similarity. Our findings suggest that future embedding models and post-processing techniques should focus primarily on similarity to nearby points in vector space. 