------------------------------
Mon, May 13  2019
------------------------------
65 new papers today.

001__ Mutual Information Scaling and Expressive Power of Sequence Models__arXiv:1905.04271
Author: Huitao Shen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04271
 Abstract: Sequence models assign probabilities to variable-length sequences such as natural language texts. The ability of sequence models to capture temporal dependence can be characterized by the temporal scaling of correlation and mutual information. In this paper, we study the mutual information of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) including long short-term memories and self-attention networks such as Transformers. Through a combination of theoretical study of linear RNNs and empirical study of nonlinear RNNs, we find their mutual information decays exponentially in temporal distance. On the other hand, Transformers can capture long-range mutual information more efficiently, making them preferable in modeling sequences with slow power-law mutual information, such as natural languages and stock prices. We discuss the connection of these results with statistical mechanics. We also point out the non-uniformity problem in many natural language datasets. We hope this work provides a new perspective in understanding the expressive power of sequence models and shed new light on improving the architecture of them. 

002__ Interpreting and Evaluating Neural Network Robustness__arXiv:1905.04270
Author: Fuxun Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04270
 Abstract: Recently, adversarial deception becomes one of the most considerable threats to deep neural networks. However, compared to extensive research in new designs of various adversarial attacks and defenses, the neural networks' intrinsic robustness property is still lack of thorough investigation. This work aims to qualitatively interpret the adversarial attack and defense mechanism through loss visualization, and establish a quantitative metric to evaluate the neural network model's intrinsic robustness. The proposed robustness metric identifies the upper bound of a model's prediction divergence in the given domain and thus indicates whether the model can maintain a stable prediction. With extensive experiments, our metric demonstrates several advantages over conventional adversarial testing accuracy based robustness estimation: (1) it provides a uniformed evaluation to models with different structures and parameter scales; (2) it over-performs conventional accuracy based robustness estimation and provides a more reliable evaluation that is invariant to different test settings; (3) it can be fast generated without considerable testing cost. 

003__ When an Interpretable Model Collaborates with a  Black-box Model__arXiv:1905.04241
Author: Tong Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04241
 Abstract: Interpretable machine learning has become a strong competitor for traditional black-box models. However, the possible loss of the predictive performance for gaining interpretability is often inevitable, putting practitioners in a dilemma of choosing between high accuracy (black-box models) and interpretability (interpretable models). In this work, we propose a novel framework for building a Hybrid Predictive Model (HPM) that integrates an interpretable model with any black-box model to combine their strengths. The interpretable model substitutes the black-box model on a subset of data where the black-box is overkill or nearly overkill, gaining transparency at no or low cost of the predictive accuracy. We design a principled objective function that considers predictive accuracy, model interpretability, and model transparency (defined as the percentage of data processed by the interpretable substitute.) Under this framework, we propose two hybrid models, one substituting with association rules and the other with linear models, and we design customized training algorithms for both models. We test the hybrid models on structured data and text data where interpretable models collaborate with various state-of-the-art black-box models. Results show that hybrid models obtain an efficient trade-off between transparency and predictive performance, characterized by our proposed efficient frontiers. 

004__ Desiderata, Methods, and  Challenges__arXiv:1905.04223
Author: Rob Ashmore
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04223
 Abstract: Machine learning has evolved into an enabling technology for a wide range of highly successful applications. The potential for this success to continue and accelerate has placed machine learning (ML) at the top of research, economic and political agendas. Such unprecedented interest is fuelled by a vision of ML applicability extending to healthcare, transportation, defence and other domains of great societal importance. Achieving this vision requires the use of ML in safety-critical applications that demand levels of assurance beyond those needed for current ML applications. Our paper provides a comprehensive survey of the state-of-the-art in the assurance of ML, i.e. in the generation of evidence that ML is sufficiently safe for its intended use. The survey covers the methods capable of providing such evidence at different stages of the machine learning lifecycle, i.e. of the complex, iterative process that starts with the collection of the data used to train an ML component for a system, and ends with the deployment of that component within the system. The paper begins with a systematic presentation of the ML lifecycle and its stages. We then define assurance desiderata for each stage, review existing methods that contribute to achieving these desiderata, and identify open challenges that require further research. 

005__ A Tsetlin Machine for Continuous Output  Problems__arXiv:1905.04206
Author: K. Darshana Abeyrathna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04206
 Abstract: The recently introduced Tsetlin Machine (TM) has provided competitive pattern classification accuracy in several benchmarks, composing patterns with easy-to-interpret conjunctive clauses in propositional logic. In this paper, we go beyond pattern classification by introducing a new type of TMs, namely, the Regression Tsetlin Machine (RTM). In all brevity, we modify the inner inference mechanism of the TM so that input patterns are transformed into a single continuous output, rather than to distinct categories. We achieve this by: (1) using the conjunctive clauses of the TM to capture arbitrarily complex patterns; (2) mapping these patterns to a continuous output through a novel voting and normalization mechanism; and (3) employing a feedback scheme that updates the TM clauses to minimize the regression error. The feedback scheme uses a new activation probability function that stabilizes the updating of clauses, while the overall system converges towards an accurate input-output mapping. The performance of the proposed approach is evaluated using six different artificial datasets with and without noise. The performance of the RTM is compared with the Classical Tsetlin Machine (CTM) and the Multiclass Tsetlin Machine (MTM). Our empirical results indicate that the RTM obtains the best training and testing results for both noisy and noise-free datasets, with a smaller number of clauses. This, in turn, translates to higher regression accuracy, using significantly less computational resources. 

006__ A Scheme for Continuous Input to the Tsetlin Machine with Applications  to Forecasting Disease Outbreaks__arXiv:1905.04199
Author: K. Darshana Abeyrathna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04199
 Abstract: In this paper, we apply a new promising tool for pattern classification, namely, the Tsetlin Machine (TM), to the field of disease forecasting. The TM is interpretable because it is based on manipulating expressions in propositional logic, leveraging a large team of Tsetlin Automata (TA). Apart from being interpretable, this approach is attractive due to its low computational cost and its capacity to handle noise. To attack the problem of forecasting, we introduce a preprocessing method that extends the TM so that it can handle continuous input. Briefly stated, we convert continuous input into a binary representation based on thresholding. The resulting extended TM is evaluated and analyzed using an artificial dataset. The TM is further applied to forecast dengue outbreaks of all the seventeen regions in Philippines using the spatio-temporal properties of the data. Experimental results show that dengue outbreak forecasts made by the TM are more accurate than those obtained by a Support Vector Machine (SVM), Decision Trees (DTs), and several multi-layered Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs), both in terms of forecasting precision and F1-score. error here, check on website.

008__ Do Autonomous Agents Benefit from Hearing?__arXiv:1905.04192
Author: Abraham Woubie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04192
 Abstract: Mapping states to actions in deep reinforcement learning is mainly based on visual information. The commonly used approach for dealing with visual information is to extract pixels from images and use them as state representation for reinforcement learning agent. But, any vision only agent is handicapped by not being able to sense audible cues. Using hearing, animals are able to sense targets that are outside of their visual range. In this work, we propose the use of audio as complementary information to visual only in state representation. We assess the impact of such multi-modal setup in reach-the-goal tasks in ViZDoom environment. Results show that the agent improves its behavior when visual information is accompanied with audio features. 

009__ Multiple Independent Subspace Clusterings__arXiv:1905.04191
Author: Xing Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04191
 Abstract: Multiple clustering aims at discovering diverse ways of organizing data into clusters. Despite the progress made, it's still a challenge for users to analyze and understand the distinctive structure of each output clustering. To ease this process, we consider diverse clusterings embedded in different subspaces, and analyze the embedding subspaces to shed light into the structure of each clustering. To this end, we provide a two-stage approach called MISC (Multiple Independent Subspace Clusterings). In the first stage, MISC uses independent subspace analysis to seek multiple and statistical independent (i.e. non-redundant) subspaces, and determines the number of subspaces via the minimum description length principle. In the second stage, to account for the intrinsic geometric structure of samples embedded in each subspace, MISC performs graph regularized semi-nonnegative matrix factorization to explore clusters. It additionally integrates the kernel trick into matrix factorization to handle non-linearly separable clusters. Experimental results on synthetic datasets show that MISC can find different interesting clusterings from the sought independent subspaces, and it also outperforms other related and competitive approaches on real-world datasets. 

010__ Autonomous Management of Energy-Harvesting IoT Nodes Using Deep  Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.04181
Author: Abdulmajid Murad
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04181
 Abstract: Reinforcement learning (RL) is capable of managing wireless, energy-harvesting IoT nodes by solving the problem of autonomous management in non-stationary, resource-constrained settings. We show that the state-of-the-art policy-gradient approaches to RL are appropriate for the IoT domain and that they outperform previous approaches. Due to the ability to model continuous observation and action spaces, as well as improved function approximation capability, the new approaches are able to solve harder problems, permitting reward functions that are better aligned with the actual application goals. We show such a reward function and use policy-gradient approaches to learn capable policies, leading to behavior more appropriate for IoT nodes with less manual design effort, increasing the level of autonomy in IoT. 

011__ Device-Aware Efficient ConvNet Design__arXiv:1905.04159
Author: Dimitrios Stamoulis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04159
 Abstract: Can we automatically design a Convolutional Network (ConvNet) with the highest image classification accuracy under the latency constraint of a mobile device? Neural Architecture Search (NAS) for ConvNet design is a challenging problem due to the combinatorially large design space and search time (at least 200 GPU-hours). To alleviate this complexity, we propose Single-Path NAS, a novel differentiable NAS method for designing device-efficient ConvNets in less than 4 hours. 1. Novel NAS formulation: our method introduces a single-path, over-parameterized ConvNet to encode all architectural decisions with shared convolutional kernel parameters. 2. NAS efficiency: Our method decreases the NAS search cost down to 8 epochs (30 TPU-hours), i.e., up to 5,000x faster compared to prior work. 3. On-device image classification: Single-Path NAS achieves 74.96% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet with 79ms inference latency on a Pixel 1 phone, which is state-of-the-art accuracy compared to NAS methods with similar latency (<80ms). 

012__ Design of Artificial Intelligence Agents for Games using Deep  Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.04127
Author: Andrei Claudiu Roibu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04127
 Abstract: In order perform a large variety of tasks and to achieve human-level performance in complex real-world environments, Artificial Intelligence (AI) Agents must be able to learn from their past experiences and gain both knowledge and an accurate representation of their environment from raw sensory inputs. Traditionally, AI agents have suffered from difficulties in using only sensory inputs to obtain a good representation of their environment and then mapping this representation to an efficient control policy. Deep reinforcement learning algorithms have provided a solution to this issue. In this study, the performance of different conventional and novel deep reinforcement learning algorithms was analysed. The proposed method utilises two types of algorithms, one trained with a variant of Q-learning (DQN) and another trained with SARSA learning (DSN) to assess the feasibility of using direct feedback alignment, a novel biologically plausible method for back-propagating the error. These novel agents, alongside two similar agents trained with the conventional backpropagation algorithm, were tested by using the OpenAI Gym toolkit on several classic control theory problems and Atari 2600 video games. The results of this investigation open the way into new, biologically-inspired deep reinforcement learning algorithms, and their implementation on neuromorphic hardware. 

013__ Domain Adversarial Reinforcement Learning for Partial Domain Adaptation__arXiv:1905.04094
Author: Jin Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04094
 Abstract: Partial domain adaptation aims to transfer knowledge from a label-rich source domain to a label-scarce target domain which relaxes the fully shared label space assumption across different domains. In this more general and practical scenario, a major challenge is how to select source instances in the shared classes across different domains for positive transfer. To address this issue, we propose a Domain Adversarial Reinforcement Learning (DARL) framework to automatically select source instances in the shared classes for circumventing negative transfer as well as to simultaneously learn transferable features between domains by reducing the domain shift. Specifically, in this framework, we employ deep Q-learning to learn policies for an agent to make selection decisions by approximating the action-value function. Moreover, domain adversarial learning is introduced to learn domain-invariant features for the selected source instances by the agent and the target instances, and also to determine rewards for the agent based on how relevant the selected source instances are to the target domain. Experiments on several benchmark datasets demonstrate that the superior performance of our DARL method over existing state of the arts for partial domain adaptation. 

014__ Compressing Weight-updates for Image Artifacts Removal Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.04079
Author: Yat Hong Lam
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04079
 Abstract: In this paper, we present a novel approach for fine-tuning a decoder-side neural network in the context of image compression, such that the weight-updates are better compressible. At encoder side, we fine-tune a pre-trained artifact removal network on target data by using a compression objective applied on the weight-update. In particular, the compression objective encourages weight-updates which are sparse and closer to quantized values. This way, the final weight-update can be compressed more efficiently by pruning and quantization, and can be included into the encoded bitstream together with the image bitstream of a traditional codec. We show that this approach achieves reconstruction quality which is on-par or slightly superior to a traditional codec, at comparable bitrates. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt to combine image compression and neural network's weight update compression. 

015__ Prototype Propagation Networks (PPN) for Weakly-supervised Few-shot  Learning on Category Graph__arXiv:1905.04042
Author: Lu Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04042
 Abstract: A variety of machine learning applications expect to achieve rapid learning from a limited number of labeled data. However, the success of most current models is the result of heavy training on big data. Meta-learning addresses this problem by extracting common knowledge across different tasks that can be quickly adapted to new tasks. However, they do not fully explore weakly-supervised information, which is usually free or cheap to collect. In this paper, we show that weakly-labeled data can significantly improve the performance of meta-learning on few-shot classification. We propose prototype propagation network (PPN) trained on few-shot tasks together with data annotated by coarse-label. Given a category graph of the targeted fine-classes and some weakly-labeled coarse-classes, PPN learns an attention mechanism which propagates the prototype of one class to another on the graph, so that the K-nearest neighbor (KNN) classifier defined on the propagated prototypes results in high accuracy across different few-shot tasks. The training tasks are generated by subgraph sampling, and the training objective is obtained by accumulating the level-wise classification loss on the subgraph. The resulting graph of prototypes can be continually re-used and updated for new tasks and classes. We also introduce two practical test/inference settings which differ according to whether the test task can leverage any weakly-supervised information as in training. On two benchmarks, PPN significantly outperforms most recent few-shot learning methods in different settings, even when they are also allowed to train on weakly-labeled data. 

016__ Improving Memory Efficiency and MPI  Collective Performance during Tensor Accumulation for Parallelized Training  of Neural Machine Translation Models__arXiv:1905.04035
Author: Derya Cavdar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04035
 Abstract: Neural machine translation - using neural networks to translate human language - is an area of active research exploring new neuron types and network topologies with the goal of dramatically improving machine translation performance. Current state-of-the-art approaches, such as the multi-head attention-based transformer, require very large translation corpuses and many epochs to produce models of reasonable quality. Recent attempts to parallelize the official TensorFlow "Transformer" model across multiple nodes have hit roadblocks due to excessive memory use and resulting out of memory errors when performing MPI collectives. This paper describes modifications made to the Horovod MPI-based distributed training framework to reduce memory usage for transformer models by converting assumed-sparse tensors to dense tensors, and subsequently replacing sparse gradient gather with dense gradient reduction. The result is a dramatic increase in scale-out capability, with CPU-only scaling tests achieving 91% weak scaling efficiency up to 1200 MPI processes (300 nodes), and up to 65% strong scaling efficiency up to 400 MPI processes (200 nodes) using the Stampede2 supercomputer. 

017__ Supervized Segmentation with Graph-Structured Deep Metric Learning__arXiv:1905.04014
Author: Loic Landrieu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04014
 Abstract: We present a fully-supervized method for learning to segment data structured by an adjacency graph. We introduce the graph-structured contrastive loss, a loss function structured by a ground truth segmentation. It promotes learning vertex embeddings which are homogeneous within desired segments, and have high contrast at their interface. Thus, computing a piecewise-constant approximation of such embeddings produces a graph-partition close to the objective segmentation. This loss is fully backpropagable, which allows us to learn vertex embeddings with deep learning algorithms. We evaluate our methods on a 3D point cloud oversegmentation task, defining a new state-of-the-art by a large margin. These results are based on the published work of Landrieu and Boussaha 2019. 

018__ Predicting Path Failure In Time-Evolving Graphs__arXiv:1905.03994
Author: Jia Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03994
 Abstract: In this paper we use a time-evolving graph which consists of a sequence of graph snapshots over time to model many real-world networks. We study the path classification problem in a time-evolving graph, which has many applications in real-world scenarios, for example, predicting path failure in a telecommunication network and predicting path congestion in a traffic network in the near future. In order to capture the temporal dependency and graph structure dynamics, we design a novel deep neural network named Long Short-Term Memory R-GCN (LRGCN). LRGCN considers temporal dependency between time-adjacent graph snapshots as a special relation with memory, and uses relational GCN to jointly process both intra-time and inter-time relations. We also propose a new path representation method named \underline{s}elf-\underline{a}ttentive \underline{p}ath \underline{e}mbedding (SAPE), to embed paths of arbitrary length into fixed-length vectors. Through experiments on a real-world telecommunication network and a traffic network in California, we demonstrate the superiority of LRGCN to other competing methods in path failure prediction, and prove the effectiveness of SAPE on path representation. 

019__ Attention-based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Multi-view Environments__arXiv:1905.03985
Author: Elaheh Barati
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03985
 Abstract: In reinforcement learning algorithms, it is a common practice to account for only a single view of the environment to make the desired decisions; however, utilizing multiple views of the environment can help to promote the learning of complicated policies. Since the views may frequently suffer from partial observability, their provided observation can have different levels of importance. In this paper, we present a novel attention-based deep reinforcement learning method in a multi-view environment in which each view can provide various representative information about the environment. Specifically, our method learns a policy to dynamically attend to views of the environment based on their importance in the decision-making process. We evaluate the performance of our method on TORCS racing car simulator and three other complex 3D environments with obstacles. 

020__ Bayesian Optimized Continual Learning with Attention Mechanism__arXiv:1905.03980
Author: Ju Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03980
 Abstract: Though neural networks have achieved much progress in various applications, it is still highly challenging for them to learn from a continuous stream of tasks without forgetting. Continual learning, a new learning paradigm, aims to solve this issue. In this work, we propose a new model for continual learning, called Bayesian Optimized Continual Learning with Attention Mechanism (BOCL) that dynamically expands the network capacity upon the arrival of new tasks by Bayesian optimization and selectively utilizes previous knowledge (e.g. feature maps of previous tasks) via attention mechanism. Our experiments on variants of MNIST and CIFAR-100 demonstrate that our methods outperform the state-of-the-art in preventing catastrophic forgetting and fitting new tasks better. 

021__ Reinforcement Learning in Non-Stationary Environments__arXiv:1905.03970
Author: Sindhu Padakandla
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03970
 Abstract: Reinforcement learning (RL) methods learn optimal decisions in the presence of a stationary environment. However, the stationary assumption on the environment is very restrictive. In many real world problems like traffic signal control, robotic applications, one often encounters situations with non-stationary environments and in these scenarios, RL methods yield sub-optimal decisions. In this paper, we thus consider the problem of developing RL methods that obtain optimal decisions in a non-stationary environment. The goal of this problem is to maximize the long-term discounted reward achieved when the underlying model of the environment changes over time. To achieve this, we first adapt a change point algorithm to detect change in the statistics of the environment and then develop an RL algorithm that maximizes the long-run reward accrued. We illustrate that our change point method detects change in the model of the environment effectively and thus facilitates the RL algorithm in maximizing the long-run reward. We further validate the effectiveness of the proposed solution on non-stationary random Markov decision processes, a sensor energy management problem and a traffic signal control problem. 

022__ Credit Scoring for Micro-Loans__arXiv:1905.03946
Author: Nikolay Dubina
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03946
 Abstract: Credit Scores are ubiquitous and instrumental for loan providers and regulators. In this paper we showcase how micro-loan credit system can be developed in real setting. We show what challenges arise and discuss solutions. Particularly, we are concerned about model interpretability and data quality. In the final section, we introduce semi-supervised algorithm that aids model development and evaluate its performance 

023__ GAN-based Deep Distributional Reinforcement Learning for Resource  Management in Network Slicing__arXiv:1905.03929
Author: Yuxiu Hua
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03929
 Abstract: Network slicing is a key technology in 5G communications system, which aims to dynamically and efficiently allocate resources for diversified services with distinct requirements over a common underlying physical infrastructure. Therein, demand-aware allocation is of significant importance to network slicing. In this paper, we consider a scenario that contains several slices in one base station on sharing the same bandwidth. Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) is leveraged to solve this problem by regarding the varying demands and the allocated bandwidth as the environment \emph{state} and \emph{action}, respectively. In order to obtain better quality of experience (QoE) satisfaction ratio and spectrum efficiency (SE), we propose generative adversarial network (GAN) based deep distributional Q network (GAN-DDQN) to learn the distribution of state-action values. Furthermore, we estimate the distributions by approximating a full quantile function, which can make the training error more controllable. In order to protect the stability of GAN-DDQN's training process from the widely-spanning utility values, we also put forward a reward-clipping mechanism. Finally, we verify the performance of the proposed GAN-DDQN algorithm through extensive simulations. 

024__ Second Order Value Iteration in Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.03927
Author: Chandramouli Kamanchi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03927
 Abstract: Value iteration is a fixed point iteration technique utilized to obtain the optimal value function and policy in a discounted reward Markov Decision Process (MDP). Here, a contraction operator is constructed and applied repeatedly to arrive at the optimal solution. Value iteration is a first order method and therefore it may take a large number of iterations to converge to the optimal solution. In this work, we propose a novel second order value iteration procedure based on the Newton-Raphson method. We first construct a modified contraction operator and then apply Newton-Raphson method to arrive at our algorithm. We prove the global convergence of our algorithm to the optimal solution and show the second order convergence. Through experiments, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach. 

025__ Integrating Tensor Similarity to Enhance Clustering Performance__arXiv:1905.03920
Author: Hong Peng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03920
 Abstract: Clustering aims to separate observed data into different categories. The performance of popular clustering models relies on the sample-to-sample similarity. However, the pairwise similarity is prone to be corrupted by noise or outliers and thus deteriorates the subsequent clustering. A high-order relationship among samples-to-samples may elaborate the local manifold of the data and thus provide complementary information to guide the clustering. However, few studies have investigated the connection between high-order similarity and usual pairwise similarity. To fill this gap, we first define a high-order tensor similarity to exploit the samples-to-samples affinity relationship. We then establish the connection between tensor similarity and pairwise similarity, proving that the decomposable tensor similarity is the Kronecker product of the usual pairwise similarity and the non-decomposable tensor similarity is generalized to provide complementary information, which pairwise similarity fails to regard. Finally, the high-order tensor similarity and pairwise similarity (IPS2) were integrated collaboratively to enhance clustering performance by enjoying their merits. The proposed IPS2 is shown to perform superior or competitive to state-of-the-art methods on synthetic and real-world datasets. Extensive experiments demonstrated that tensor similarity is capable to boost the performance of the classical clustering method. 

026__ Supporting Analysis of Dimensionality Reduction Results with Contrastive  Learning__arXiv:1905.03911
Author: Takanori Fujiwara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03911
 Abstract: Dimensionality reduction (DR) is frequently used for analyzing and visualizing high-dimensional data as it provides a good first glance of the data. However, to interpret the DR result for gaining useful insights from the data, it would take additional analysis effort such as identifying clusters and understanding their characteristics. While there are many automatic methods (e.g., density-based clustering methods) to identify clusters, effective methods for understanding a cluster's characteristics are still lacking. A cluster can be mostly characterized by its distribution of feature values. Reviewing the original feature values is not a straightforward task when the number of features is large. To address this challenge, we present a visual analytics method that effectively highlights the essential features of a cluster in a DR result. To extract the essential features, we introduce an enhanced usage of contrastive principal component analysis (cPCA). Our method can calculate each feature's relative contribution to the contrast between one cluster and other clusters. With our cPCA-based method, we have created an interactive system including a scalable visualization of clusters' feature contributions. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method and system with case studies using several publicly available datasets. 

027__ Traffic Queue Length and Pressure Estimation for Road Networks with  Geometric Deep Learning Algorithms__arXiv:1905.03889
Author: Simon F. G. Ehlers
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03889
 Abstract: Due to urbanization and the increase of individual mobility, in most metropolitan areas around the world congestion and inefficient traffic management occur. Highly necessary intelligent traffic control systems, which are able to reduce congestion, rely on measurements of traffic situations in urban road networks and freeways. Unfortunately, the instrumentation for accurate traffic measurement is expensive and not widely implemented. This thesis addresses this problem, where relatively inexpensive and easy to install loop-detectors are used by a geometric deep learning algorithm, which uses loop-detector data in a spatial context of a road network, to estimate queue length in front of signalized intersections, which can be then used for following traffic control tasks. Therefore, in the first part of this work a conventional estimation method for queue length (which does not use machine learning techniques) based on second-by-second loop-detector data is implemented, which uses detected shockwaves in queues to estimate the length and point of time for the maximum queue. The method is later used as reference but also as additional input information for the geometric deep learning approach. In the second part the geometric deep learning algorithm is developed, which uses spatial correlations in the road network but also temporal correlations in detector data time sequences by new attention mechanisms, to overcome the limitations of conventional methods like excess traffic demand, lane changing and stop-and-go traffic. Therefore, it is necessary to abstract the topology of the road network in a graph. Both approaches are compared regarding their performance, reliability as well as limitations and validated by usage of the traffic simulation software SUMO (Simulation of Urban MObility). Finally, the results are discussed in the conclusions and further investigations are suggested. 

028__ Differentially Private Learning with Adaptive Clipping__arXiv:1905.03871
Author: Om Thakkar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03871
 Abstract: We introduce a new adaptive clipping technique for training learning models with user-level differential privacy that removes the need for extensive parameter tuning. Previous approaches to this problem use the Federated Stochastic Gradient Descent or the Federated Averaging algorithm with noised updates, and compute a differential privacy guarantee using the Moments Accountant. These approaches rely on choosing a norm bound for each user's update to the model, which needs to be tuned carefully. The best value depends on the learning rate, model architecture, number of passes made over each user's data, and possibly various other parameters. We show that adaptively setting the clipping norm applied to each user's update, based on a differentially private estimate of a target quantile of the distribution of unclipped norms, is sufficient to remove the need for such extensive parameter tuning. 

029__ Exploring the Hyperparameter Landscape of Adversarial Robustness__arXiv:1905.03837
Author: Evelyn Duesterwald
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03837
 Abstract: Adversarial training shows promise as an approach for training models that are robust towards adversarial perturbation. In this paper, we explore some of the practical challenges of adversarial training. We present a sensitivity analysis that illustrates that the effectiveness of adversarial training hinges on the settings of a few salient hyperparameters. We show that the robustness surface that emerges across these salient parameters can be surprisingly complex and that therefore no effective one-size-fits-all parameter settings exist. We then demonstrate that we can use the same salient hyperparameters as tuning knob to navigate the tension that can arise between robustness and accuracy. Based on these findings, we present a practical approach that leverages hyperparameter optimization techniques for tuning adversarial training to maximize robustness while keeping the loss in accuracy within a defined budget. 

030__ Universal Adversarial Perturbations for Speech Recognition Systems__arXiv:1905.03828
Author: Paarth Neekhara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03828
 Abstract: In this work, we demonstrate the existence of universal adversarial audio perturbations that cause mis-transcription of audio signals by automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems. We propose an algorithm to find a single quasi-imperceptible perturbation, which when added to any arbitrary speech signal, will most likely fool the victim speech recognition model. Our experiments demonstrate the application of our proposed technique by crafting audio-agnostic universal perturbations for the state-of-the-art ASR system -- Mozilla DeepSpeech. Additionally, we show that such perturbations generalize to a significant extent across models that are not available during training, by performing a transferability test on a WaveNet based ASR system. 

031__ Random Function Priors for Correlation Modeling__arXiv:1905.03826
Author: Aonan Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03826
 Abstract: The likelihood model of many high dimensional data $X_n$ can be expressed as $p(X_n|Z_n,\theta)$, where $\theta\mathrel{\mathop:}=(\theta_k)_{k\in[K]}$ is a collection of hidden features shared across objects (indexed by $n$). And $Z_n$ is a non-negative factor loading vector with $K$ entries where $Z_{nk}$ indicates the strength of $\theta_k$ used to express $X_n$. In this paper, we introduce random function priors for $Z_n$ that capture rich correlations among its entries $Z_{n1}$ through $Z_{nK}$. In particular, our model can be treated as a generalized paintbox model~\cite{Broderick13} using random functions, which can be learned efficiently via amortized variational inference. We derive our model by applying a representation theorem on separately exchangeable discrete random measures. 

032__ Beta Survival Models__arXiv:1905.03818
Author: David Hubbard
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03818
 Abstract: This article analyzes the problem of estimating the time until an event occurs, also known as survival modeling. We observe through substantial experiments on large real-world datasets and use-cases that populations are largely heterogeneous. Sub-populations have different mean and variance in their survival rates requiring flexible models that capture heterogeneity. We leverage a classical extension of the logistic function into the survival setting to characterize unobserved heterogeneity using the beta distribution. This yields insights into the geometry of the problem as well as efficient estimation methods for linear, tree and neural network models that adjust the beta distribution based on observed covariates. We also show that the additional information captured by the beta distribution leads to interesting ranking implications as we determine who is most-at-risk. We show theoretically that the ranking is variable as we forecast forward in time and prove that pairwise comparisons of survival remain transitive. Empirical results using large-scale datasets across two use-cases (online conversions and retention modeling), demonstrate the competitiveness of the method. The simplicity of the method and its ability to capture skew in the data makes it a viable alternative to standard techniques particularly when we are interested in the time to event and when the underlying probabilities are heterogeneous. 

033__ Non-Asymptotic Gap-Dependent Regret Bounds for Tabular MDPs__arXiv:1905.03814
Author: Max Simchowitz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03814
 Abstract: This paper establishes that optimistic algorithms attain gap-dependent and non-asymptotic logarithmic regret for episodic MDPs. In contrast to prior work, our bounds do not suffer a dependence on diameter-like quantities or ergodicity, and smoothly interpolate between the gap dependent logarithmic-regret, and the $\widetilde{\mathcal{O}}(\sqrt{HSAT})$-minimax rate. The key technique in our analysis is a novel "clipped" regret decomposition which applies to a broad family of recent optimistic algorithms for episodic MDPs. 

034__ A new approach__arXiv:1905.03809
Author: H.D. Nguyen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03809
 Abstract: Recent years have witnessed the rapid development of human activity recognition (HAR) based on wearable sensor data. One can find many practical applications in this area, especially in the field of health care. Many machine learning algorithms such as Decision Trees, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, K-Nearest Neighbor, and Multilayer Perceptron are successfully used in HAR. Although these methods are fast and easy for implementation, they still have some limitations due to poor performance in a number of situations. In this paper, we propose a novel method based on the ensemble learning to boost the performance of these machine learning methods for HAR. 

035__ Selectivity Estimation with Deep Likelihood Models__arXiv:1905.04278
Author: Zongheng Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04278
 Abstract: Selectivity estimation has long been grounded in statistical tools for density estimation. To capture the rich multivariate distributions of relational tables, we propose the use of a new type of high-capacity statistical model: deep likelihood models. However, direct application of these models leads to a limited estimator that is prohibitively expensive to evaluate for range and wildcard predicates. To make a truly usable estimator, we develop a Monte Carlo integration scheme on top of likelihood models that can efficiently handle range queries with dozens of filters or more. Like classical synopses, our estimator summarizes the data without supervision. Unlike previous solutions, our estimator approximates the joint data distribution without any independence assumptions. When evaluated on real-world datasets and compared against real systems and dominant families of techniques, our likelihood model based estimator achieves single-digit multiplicative error at tail, a 40-200$\times$ accuracy improvement over the second best method, and is space- and runtime-efficient. 

036__ A Brain-inspired Evaluation Metric for Generative  Adversarial Networks__arXiv:1905.04243
Author: Zhengwei Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04243
 Abstract: Generative adversarial networks (GANs) are increasingly attracting attention in the computer vision, natural language processing, speech synthesis and similar domains. Arguably the most striking results have been in the area of image synthesis. However, evaluating the performance of GANs is still an open and challenging problem. Existing evaluation metrics primarily measure the dissimilarity between real and generated images using automated statistical methods. They often require large sample sizes for evaluation and do not directly reflect the human perception of the image quality. In this work, we introduce an evaluation metric we call Neuroscore, for evaluating the performance of GANs, that more directly reflects psychoperceptual image quality through the utilization of brain signals. Our results show that Neuroscore has superior performances to the current evaluation metrics in that: (1) It is more consistent with human judgment; (2) The evaluation process needs much smaller numbers of samples; and (3) It is able to rank the quality of images on a per GAN basis. A convolutional neural network based brain-inspired framework is also proposed to predict Neuroscore from GAN-generated images. Importantly, we show that including neural responses during the training phase of the network can significantly improve the prediction capability of the proposed model. 

037__ Automatic Programming of Cellular Automata and Artificial Neural  Networks Guided by Philosophy__arXiv:1905.04232
Author: Patrik Christen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04232
 Abstract: Many computer models such as cellular automata have been developed and successfully applied. However, in some cases these models might be restrictive on the possible solutions or their solution is difficult to interpret. To overcome this problem, we outline an approach, the so-called allagmatic method, that automatically creates and programs models with as little limitations as possible but still maintaining human interpretability. We earlier described a meta-model and its building blocks according to the philosophical concepts of structure (spatial dimension) and operation (temporal dimension). They are entity, milieu, and update function that together abstractly describe the meta-model. By automatically combining these building blocks, new models can potentially be created in an evolutionary computation. We propose generic and object-oriented programming to implement the entities and their milieus as dynamic and generic arrays and the update function as a method. We show two experiments where a simple cellular automaton and an artificial neural network are automatically created and programmed. A target state is successfully evolved and learned in the cellular automaton and artificial neural network, respectively. We conclude that the allagmatic method can create and program cellular automaton and artificial neural network models in an automated manner. 

038__ Semi-supervised and Population Based Training for Voice Commands  Recognition__arXiv:1905.04230
Author: Oguz H. Elibol
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04230
 Abstract: We present a rapid design methodology that combines automated hyper-parameter tuning with semi-supervised training to build highly accurate and robust models for voice commands classification. Proposed approach allows quick evaluation of network architectures to fit performance and power constraints of available hardware, while ensuring good hyper-parameter choices for each network in real-world scenarios. Leveraging the vast amount of unlabeled data with a student/teacher based semi-supervised method, classification accuracy is improved from 84% to 94% in the validation set. For model optimization, we explore the hyper-parameter space through population based training and obtain an optimized model in the same time frame as it takes to train a single model. 

039__ Language Modeling with Deep Transformers__arXiv:1905.04226
Author: Kazuki Irie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04226
 Abstract: We explore multi-layer autoregressive Transformer models in language modeling for speech recognition. We focus on two aspects. First, we revisit Transformer model configurations specifically for language modeling. We show that well configured Transformer models outperform our baseline models based on the shallow stack of LSTM recurrent neural network layers. We carry out experiments on the open-source LibriSpeech 960hr task, for both 200K vocabulary word-level and 10K byte-pair encoding subword-level language modeling. We apply our word-level models to conventional hybrid speech recognition by lattice rescoring, and the subword-level models to attention based encoder-decoder models by shallow fusion. Second, we show that deep Transformer language models do not require positional encoding. The positional encoding is an essential augmentation for the self-attention mechanism which is invariant to sequence ordering. However, in autoregressive setup, as is the case for language modeling, the amount of information increases along the position dimension, which is a positional signal by its own. The analysis of attention weights shows that deep autoregressive self-attention models can automatically make use of such positional information. We find that removing the positional encoding even slightly improves the performance of these models. error here, check on website.

041__ Quantifying Teaching Behaviour in Robot Learning from Demonstration__arXiv:1905.04218
Author: Aran Sena
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04218
 Abstract: Learning from demonstration allows for rapid deployment of robot manipulators to a great many tasks, by relying on a person showing the robot what to do rather than programming it. While this approach provides many opportunities, measuring, evaluating and improving the person's teaching ability has remained largely unexplored in robot manipulation research. To this end, a model for learning from demonstration is presented here which incorporates the teacher's understanding of, and influence on, the learner. The proposed model is used to clarify the teacher's objectives during learning from demonstration, providing new views on how teaching failures and efficiency can be defined. The benefit of this approach is shown in two experiments (N=30 and N=36, respectively), which highlight the difficulty teachers have in providing effective demonstrations, and show how ~169-180% improvement in teaching efficiency can be achieved through evaluation and feedback shaped by the proposed framework, relative to unguided teaching. 

042__ Inexact Block Coordinate Descent Algorithms for Nonsmooth Nonconvex  Optimization__arXiv:1905.04211
Author: Yang Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04211
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose an inexact block coordinate descent algorithm for large-scale nonsmooth nonconvex optimization problems. At each iteration, a particular block variable is selected and updated by solving the original optimization problem with respect to that block variable inexactly. More precisely, a local approximation of the original optimization problem is solved. The proposed algorithm has several attractive features, namely, i) high flexibility, as the approximation function only needs to be strictly convex and it does not have to be a global upper bound of the original function; ii) fast convergence, as the approximation function can be designed to exploit the problem structure at hand and the stepsize is calculated by the line search; iii) low complexity, as the approximation subproblems are much easier to solve and the line search scheme is carried out over a properly constructed differentiable function; iv) guaranteed convergence to a stationary point, even when the objective function does not have a Lipschitz continuous gradient. Interestingly, when the approximation subproblem is solved by a descent algorithm, convergence to a stationary point is still guaranteed even if the approximation subproblem is solved inexactly by terminating the descent algorithm after a finite number of iterations. These features make the proposed algorithm suitable for large-scale problems where the dimension exceeds the memory and/or the processing capability of the existing hardware. These features are also illustrated by several applications in signal processing and machine learning, for instance, network anomaly detection and phase retrieval. 

043__ On the Detection of Mutual Influences and Their Consideration in  Reinforcement Learning Processes__arXiv:1905.04205
Author: Stefan Rudolph
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04205
 Abstract: Self-adaptation has been proposed as a mechanism to counter complexity in control problems of technical systems. A major driver behind self-adaptation is the idea to transfer traditional design-time decisions to runtime and into the responsibility of systems themselves. In order to deal with unforeseen events and conditions, systems need creativity -- typically realized by means of machine learning capabilities. Such learning mechanisms are based on different sources of knowledge. Feedback from the environment used for reinforcement purposes is probably the most prominent one within the self-adapting and self-organizing (SASO) systems community. However, the impact of other (sub-)systems on the success of the individual system's learning performance has mostly been neglected in this context. In this article, we propose a novel methodology to identify effects of actions performed by other systems in a shared environment on the utility achievement of an autonomous system. Consider smart cameras (SC) as illustrating example: For goals such as 3D reconstruction of objects, the most promising configuration of one SC in terms of pan/tilt/zoom parameters depends largely on the configuration of other SCs in the vicinity. Since such mutual influences cannot be pre-defined for dynamic systems, they have to be learned at runtime. Furthermore, they have to be taken into consideration when self-improving the own configuration decisions based on a feedback loop concept, e.g., known from the SASO domain or the Autonomic and Organic Computing initiatives. We define a methodology to detect such influences at runtime, present an approach to consider this information in a reinforcement learning technique, and analyze the behavior in artificial as well as real-world SASO system settings. 

044__ AI in the media and creative industries__arXiv:1905.04175
Author: Giuseppe Amato
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04175
 Abstract: Thanks to the Big Data revolution and increasing computing capacities, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made an impressive revival over the past few years and is now omnipresent in both research and industry. The creative sectors have always been early adopters of AI technologies and this continues to be the case. As a matter of fact, recent technological developments keep pushing the boundaries of intelligent systems in creative applications: the critically acclaimed movie "Sunspring", released in 2016, was entirely written by AI technology, and the first-ever Music Album, called "Hello World", produced using AI has been released this year. Simultaneously, the exploratory nature of the creative process is raising important technical challenges for AI such as the ability for AI-powered techniques to be accurate under limited data resources, as opposed to the conventional "Big Data" approach, or the ability to process, analyse and match data from multiple modalities (text, sound, images, etc.) at the same time. The purpose of this white paper is to understand future technological advances in AI and their growing impact on creative industries. This paper addresses the following questions: Where does AI operate in creative Industries? What is its operative role? How will AI transform creative industries in the next ten years? This white paper aims to provide a realistic perspective of the scope of AI actions in creative industries, proposes a vision of how this technology could contribute to research and development works in such context, and identifies research and development challenges. 

045__ On the Connection Between Adversarial Robustness and Saliency Map  Interpretability__arXiv:1905.04172
Author: Christian Etmann
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04172
 Abstract: Recent studies on the adversarial vulnerability of neural networks have shown that models trained to be more robust to adversarial attacks exhibit more interpretable saliency maps than their non-robust counterparts. We aim to quantify this behavior by considering the alignment between input image and saliency map. We hypothesize that as the distance to the decision boundary grows,so does the alignment. This connection is strictly true in the case of linear models. We confirm these theoretical findings with experiments based on models trained with a local Lipschitz regularization and identify where the non-linear nature of neural networks weakens the relation. 

046__ An Open Source and Open Hardware Deep Learning-powered Visual Navigation  Engine for Autonomous Nano-UAVs__arXiv:1905.04166
Author: Daniele Palossi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04166
 Abstract: Nano-size unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), with few centimeters of diameter and sub-10 Watts of total power budget, have so far been considered incapable of running sophisticated visual-based autonomous navigation software without external aid from base-stations, ad-hoc local positioning infrastructure, and powerful external computation servers. In this work, we present what is, to the best of our knowledge, the first 27g nano-UAV system able to run aboard an end-to-end, closed-loop visual pipeline for autonomous navigation based on a state-of-the-art deep-learning algorithm, built upon the open-source CrazyFlie 2.0 nano-quadrotor. Our visual navigation engine is enabled by the combination of an ultra-low power computing device (the GAP8 system-on-chip) with a novel methodology for the deployment of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We enable onboard real-time execution of a state-of-the-art deep CNN at up to 18Hz. Field experiments demonstrate that the system's high responsiveness prevents collisions with unexpected dynamic obstacles up to a flight speed of 1.5m/s. In addition, we also demonstrate the capability of our visual navigation engine of fully autonomous indoor navigation on a 113m previously unseen path. To share our key findings with the embedded and robotics communities and foster further developments in autonomous nano-UAVs, we publicly release all our code, datasets, and trained networks. 

047__ A Neural Network Based Mean-Field  Game Theoretic Approach__arXiv:1905.04152
Author: Hamid Shiri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04152
 Abstract: This paper investigates the autonomous control of massive unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for mission-critical applications (e.g., dispatching many UAVs from a source to a destination for firefighting). Achieving their fast travel and low motion energy without inter-UAV collision under wind perturbation is a daunting control task, which incurs huge communication energy for exchanging UAV states in real time. We tackle this problem by exploiting a mean-field game (MFG) theoretic control method that requires the UAV state exchanges only once at the initial source. Afterwards, each UAV can control its acceleration by locally solving two partial differential equations (PDEs), known as the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman (HJB) and Fokker-Planck-Kolmogorov (FPK) equations. This approach, however, brings about huge computation energy for solving the PDEs, particularly under multi-dimensional UAV states. We address this issue by utilizing a machine learning (ML) method where two separate ML models approximate the solutions of the HJB and FPK equations. These ML models are trained and exploited using an online gradient descent method with low computational complexity. Numerical evaluations validate that the proposed ML aided MFG theoretic algorithm, referred to as MFG learning control, is effective in collision avoidance with low communication energy and acceptable computation energy. 

048__ Recent  Advances and New Frontiers__arXiv:1905.04149
Author: Xiang Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04149
 Abstract: Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) bridges the human's neural world and the outer physical world by decoding individuals' brain signals into commands recognizable by computer devices. Deep learning has lifted the performance of brain-computer interface systems significantly in recent years. In this article, we systematically investigate brain signal types for BCI and related deep learning concepts for brain signal analysis. We then present a comprehensive survey of deep learning techniques used for BCI, by summarizing over 230 contributions most published in the past five years. Finally, we discuss the applied areas, opening challenges, and future directions for deep learning-based BCI. 

049__ Refined Complexity of PCA with Outliers__arXiv:1905.04124
Author: Fedor V. Fomin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04124
 Abstract: Principal component analysis (PCA) is one of the most fundamental procedures in exploratory data analysis and is the basic step in applications ranging from quantitative finance and bioinformatics to image analysis and neuroscience. However, it is well-documented that the applicability of PCA in many real scenarios could be constrained by an "immune deficiency" to outliers such as corrupted observations. We consider the following algorithmic question about the PCA with outliers. For a set of $n$ points in $\mathbb{R}^{d}$, how to learn a subset of points, say 1% of the total number of points, such that the remaining part of the points is best fit into some unknown $r$-dimensional subspace? We provide a rigorous algorithmic analysis of the problem. We show that the problem is solvable in time $n^{O(d^2)}$. In particular, for constant dimension the problem is solvable in polynomial time. We complement the algorithmic result by the lower bound, showing that unless Exponential Time Hypothesis fails, in time $f(d)n^{o(d)}$, for any function $f$ of $d$, it is impossible not only to solve the problem exactly but even to approximate it within a constant factor. 

050__ Can weakly interacting agents learn  to escape bad minima?__arXiv:1905.04121
Author: Nikolas Kantas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04121
 Abstract: An open problem in machine learning is whether flat minima generalize better and how to compute such minima efficiently. This is a very challenging problem. As a first step towards understanding this question we formalize it as an optimization problem with weakly interacting agents. We review appropriate background material from the theory of stochastic processes and provide insights that are relevant to practitioners. We propose an algorithmic framework for an extended stochastic gradient Langevin dynamics and illustrate its potential. The paper is written as a tutorial, and presents an alternative use of multi-agent learning. Our primary focus is on the design of algorithms for machine learning applications; however the underlying mathematical framework is suitable for the understanding of large scale systems of agent based models that are popular in the social sciences, economics and finance. 

051__ Which Contrast Does Matter? Towards a Deep Understanding of MR Contrast  using Collaborative GAN__arXiv:1905.04105
Author: Dongwook Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04105
 Abstract: Thanks to the recent success of generative adversarial network (GAN) for image synthesis, there are many exciting GAN approaches that successfully synthesize MR image contrast from other images with different contrasts. These approaches are potentially important for image imputation problems, where complete set of data is often difficult to obtain and image synthesis is one of the key solutions for handling the missing data problem. Unfortunately, the lack of the scalability of the existing GAN-based image translation approaches poses a fundamental challenge to understand the nature of the MR contrast imputation problem: which contrast does matter? Here, we present a systematic approach using Collaborative Generative Adversarial Networks (CollaGAN), which enable the learning of the joint image manifold of multiple MR contrasts to investigate which contrasts are essential. Our experimental results showed that the exogenous contrast from contrast agents is not replaceable, but other endogenous contrast such as T1, T2, etc can be synthesized from other contrast. These findings may give important guidance to the acquisition protocol design for MR in real clinical environment. 

052__ Biologically plausible deep learning -- but how far can we go with  shallow networks?__arXiv:1905.04101
Author: Bernd Illing
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04101
 Abstract: Training deep neural networks with the error backpropagation algorithm is considered implausible from a biological perspective. Numerous recent publications suggest elaborate models for biologically plausible variants of deep learning, typically defining success as reaching around 98% test accuracy on the MNIST data set. Here, we investigate how far we can go on digit (MNIST) and object (CIFAR10) classification with biologically plausible, local learning rules in a network with one hidden layer and a single readout layer. The hidden layer weights are either fixed (random or random Gabor filters) or trained with unsupervised methods (PCA, ICA or Sparse Coding) that can be implemented by local learning rules. The readout layer is trained with a supervised, local learning rule. We first implement these models with rate neurons. This comparison reveals, first, that unsupervised learning does not lead to better performance than fixed random projections or Gabor filters for large hidden layers. Second, networks with localized receptive fields perform significantly better than networks with all-to-all connectivity and can reach backpropagation performance on MNIST. We then implement two of the networks - fixed, localized, random & random Gabor filters in the hidden layer - with spiking leaky integrate-and-fire neurons and spike timing dependent plasticity to train the readout layer. These spiking models achieve > 98.2% test accuracy on MNIST, which is close to the performance of rate networks with one hidden layer trained with backpropagation. The performance of our shallow network models is comparable to most current biologically plausible models of deep learning. Furthermore, our results with a shallow spiking network provide an important reference and suggest the use of datasets other than MNIST for testing the performance of future models of biologically plausible deep learning. 

053__ Survey on Evaluation Methods for Dialogue Systems__arXiv:1905.04071
Author: Jan Deriu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04071
 Abstract: In this paper we survey the methods and concepts developed for the evaluation of dialogue systems. Evaluation is a crucial part during the development process. Often, dialogue systems are evaluated by means of human evaluations and questionnaires. However, this tends to be very cost and time intensive. Thus, much work has been put into finding methods, which allow to reduce the involvement of human labour. In this survey, we present the main concepts and methods. For this, we differentiate between the various classes of dialogue systems (task-oriented dialogue systems, conversational dialogue systems, and question-answering dialogue systems). We cover each class by introducing the main technologies developed for the dialogue systems and then by presenting the evaluation methods regarding this class. 

054__ A Contrastive Divergence for Combining Variational Inference and MCMC__arXiv:1905.04062
Author: Francisco J. R. Ruiz
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04062
 Abstract: We develop a method to combine Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) and variational inference (VI), leveraging the advantages of both inference approaches. Specifically, we improve the variational distribution by running a few MCMC steps. To make inference tractable, we introduce the variational contrastive divergence (VCD), a new divergence that replaces the standard Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence used in VI. The VCD captures a notion of discrepancy between the initial variational distribution and its improved version (obtained after running the MCMC steps), and it converges asymptotically to the symmetrized KL divergence between the variational distribution and the posterior of interest. The VCD objective can be optimized efficiently with respect to the variational parameters via stochastic optimization. We show experimentally that optimizing the VCD leads to better predictive performance on two latent variable models: logistic matrix factorization and variational autoencoders (VAEs). 

055__ An Incremental Dimensionality Reduction Method for Visualizing Streaming  Multidimensional Data__arXiv:1905.04000
Author: Takanori Fujiwara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.04000
 Abstract: Dimensionality reduction (DR) methods are commonly used for analyzing and visualizing multidimensional data. However, when data is a live streaming feed, conventional DR methods cannot be directly used because of their computational complexity and inability to preserve the projected data positions at previous time points. In addition, the problem becomes even more challenging when the dynamic data records have a varying number of dimensions as often found in real-world applications. This paper presents an incremental DR solution. We enhance an existing incremental PCA method in several ways to ensure its usability for visualizing streaming multidimensional data. First, we use geometric transformation and animation methods to help preserve a viewer's mental map when visualizing the incremental results. Second, to handle data dimension variants, we use an optimization method to estimate the projected data positions, and also convey the resulting uncertainty in the visualization. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our design with two case studies using real-world datasets. 

056__ Priority-based Parameter Propagation for Distributed DNN Training__arXiv:1905.03960
Author: Anand Jayarajan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03960
 Abstract: Data parallel training is widely used for scaling distributed deep neural network (DNN) training. However, the performance benefits are often limited by the communication-heavy parameter synchronization step. In this paper, we take advantage of the domain specific knowledge of DNN training and overlap parameter synchronization with computation in order to improve the training performance. We make two key observations: (1) the optimal data representation granularity for the communication may differ from that used by the underlying DNN model implementation and (2) different parameters can afford different synchronization delays. Based on these observations, we propose a new synchronization mechanism called Priority-based Parameter Propagation (P3). P3 synchronizes parameters at a finer granularity and schedules data transmission in such a way that the training process incurs minimal communication delay. We show that P3 can improve the training throughput of ResNet-50, Sockeye and VGG-19 by as much as 25%, 38% and 66% respectively on clusters with realistic network bandwidth 

057__ Machine learning-guided synthesis of advanced inorganic materials__arXiv:1905.03938
Author: Bijun Tang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03938
 Abstract: Synthesis of advanced inorganic materials with minimum number of trials is of paramount importance towards the acceleration of inorganic materials development. The enormous complexity involved in existing multi-variable synthesis methods leads to high uncertainty, numerous trials and exorbitant cost. Recently, machine learning (ML) has demonstrated tremendous potential for material research. Here, we report the application of ML to optimize and accelerate material synthesis process in two representative multi-variable systems. A classification ML model on chemical vapor deposition-grown MoS2 is established, capable of optimizing the synthesis conditions to achieve higher success rate. While a regression model is constructed on the hydrothermal-synthesized carbon quantum dots, to enhance the process-related properties such as the photoluminescence quantum yield. Progressive adaptive model is further developed, aiming to involve ML at the beginning stage of new material synthesis. Optimization of the experimental outcome with minimized number of trials can be achieved with the effective feedback loops. This work serves as proof of concept revealing the feasibility and remarkable capability of ML to facilitate the synthesis of inorganic materials, and opens up a new window for accelerating material development. 

058__ Adversarially Trained Autoencoders for Parallel-Data-Free Voice  Conversion__arXiv:1905.03864
Author: Orhan Ocal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03864
 Abstract: We present a method for converting the voices between a set of speakers. Our method is based on training multiple autoencoder paths, where there is a single speaker-independent encoder and multiple speaker-dependent decoders. The autoencoders are trained with an addition of an adversarial loss which is provided by an auxiliary classifier in order to guide the output of the encoder to be speaker independent. The training of the model is unsupervised in the sense that it does not require collecting the same utterances from the speakers nor does it require time aligning over phonemes. Due to the use of a single encoder, our method can generalize to converting the voice of out-of-training speakers to speakers in the training dataset. We present subjective tests corroborating the performance of our method. 

059__ Time-Sensitive On-Device Deep Intelligence on  Intermittently-Powered Systems__arXiv:1905.03854
Author: Bashima Islam
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03854
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a time-, energy-, and accuracy-aware scheduling algorithm for intermittently powered systems that execute compressed deep learning tasks that are suitable for MCUs and are powered solely by harvested energy. The sporadic nature of harvested energy, resource constraints of the embedded platform, and the computational demand of deep neural networks (even though compressed) pose a unique and challenging real-time scheduling problem for which no solutions have been proposed in the literature. We empirically study the problem and model the energy harvesting pattern as well as the trade-off between the accuracy and execution of a deep neural network. We develop an imprecise computing-based scheduling algorithm that improves the schedulability of deep learning tasks on intermittently powered systems. We also utilize the dependency of the computational need of data samples for deep learning models and propose early termination of deep neural networks. We further propose a semi-supervised machine learning model that exploits the deep features and contributes in determining the imprecise partition of a task. We implement our proposed algorithms on two different datasets and real-life scenarios and show that it increases the accuracy by 9.45% - 3.19%, decreases the execution time by 14\% and successfully schedules 33%-12% more tasks. 

060__ Decentralized Byzantine Resilience__arXiv:1905.03853
Author: El-Mahdi El-Mhamdi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03853
 Abstract: The size of the datasets available today leads to distribute Machine Learning (ML) tasks. An SGD--based optimization is for instance typically carried out by two categories of participants: parameter servers and workers. Some of these nodes can sometimes behave arbitrarily (called \emph{Byzantine} and caused by corrupt/bogus data/machines), impacting the accuracy of the entire learning activity. Several approaches recently studied how to tolerate Byzantine workers, while assuming honest and trusted parameter servers. In order to achieve total ML robustness, we introduce GuanYu, the first algorithm (to the best of our knowledge) to handle Byzantine parameter servers as well as Byzantine workers. We prove that GuanYu ensures convergence against $\frac{1}{3}$ Byzantine parameter servers and $\frac{1}{3}$ Byzantine workers, which is optimal in asynchronous networks (GuanYu does also tolerate unbounded communication delays, i.e.\ asynchrony). To prove the Byzantine resilience of GuanYu, we use a contraction argument, leveraging geometric properties of the median in high dimensional spaces to prevent (with probability 1) any drift on the models within each of the non-Byzantine servers. % To convey its practicality, we implemented GuanYu using the low-level TensorFlow APIs and deployed it in a distributed setup using the CIFAR-10 dataset. The overhead of tolerating Byzantine participants, compared to a vanilla TensorFlow deployment that is vulnerable to a single Byzantine participant, is around 30\% in terms of throughput (model updates per second) - while maintaining the same convergence rate (model updates required to reach some accuracy). 

061__ Machine Learning Based Routing Congestion Prediction in FPGA High-Level  Synthesis__arXiv:1905.03852
Author: Jieru Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03852
 Abstract: High-level synthesis (HLS) shortens the development time of hardware designs and enables faster design space exploration at a higher abstraction level. Optimization of complex applications in HLS is challenging due to the effects of implementation issues such as routing congestion. Routing congestion estimation is absent or inaccurate in existing HLS design methods and tools. Early and accurate congestion estimation is of great benefit to guide the optimization in HLS and improve the efficiency of implementation. However, routability, a serious concern in FPGA designs, has been difficult to evaluate in HLS without analyzing post-implementation details after Place and Route. To this end, we propose a novel method to predict routing congestion in HLS using machine learning and map the expected congested regions in the design to the relevant high-level source code. This is greatly beneficial in early identification of routability oriented bottlenecks in the high-level source code without running time-consuming register-transfer level (RTL) implementation flow. Experiments demonstrate that our approach accurately estimates vertical and horizontal routing congestion with errors of 6.71% and 10.05% respectively. By presenting Face Detection application as a case study, we show that by discovering the bottlenecks in high-level source code, routing congestion can be easily and quickly resolved compared to the efforts involved in RTL implementation and design feedback. 

062__ On the Linear Speedup Analysis of Communication Efficient Momentum SGD  for Distributed Non-Convex Optimization__arXiv:1905.03817
Author: Hao Yu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03817
 Abstract: Recent developments on large-scale distributed machine learning applications, e.g., deep neural networks, benefit enormously from the advances in distributed non-convex optimization techniques, e.g., distributed Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD). A series of recent works study the linear speedup property of distributed SGD variants with reduced communication. The linear speedup property enable us to scale out the computing capability by adding more computing nodes into our system. The reduced communication complexity is desirable since communication overhead is often the performance bottleneck in distributed systems. Recently, momentum methods are more and more widely adopted in training machine learning models and can often converge faster and generalize better. For example, many practitioners use distributed SGD with momentum to train deep neural networks with big data. However, it remains unclear whether any distributed momentum SGD possesses the same linear speedup property as distributed SGD and has reduced communication complexity. This paper fills the gap by considering a distributed communication efficient momentum SGD method and proving its linear speedup property. 

063__ When Deep Learning Met Code Search__arXiv:1905.03813
Author: Jose Cambronero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03813
 Abstract: There have been multiple recent proposals on using deep neural networks for code search using natural language. Common across these proposals is the idea of $\mathit{embedding}$ code and natural language queries, into real vectors and then using vector distance to approximate semantic correlation between code and the query. Multiple approaches exist for learning these embeddings, including $\mathit{unsupervised}$ techniques, which rely only on a corpus of code examples, and $\mathit{supervised}$ techniques, which use an $\mathit{aligned}$ corpus of paired code and natural language descriptions. The goal of this supervision is to produce embeddings that are more similar for a query and the corresponding desired code snippet. Clearly, there are choices in whether to use supervised techniques at all, and if one does, what sort of network and training to use for supervision. This paper is the first to evaluate these choices systematically. To this end, we assembled implementations of state-of-the-art techniques to run on a common platform, training and evaluation corpora. To explore the design space in network complexity, we also introduced a new design point that is a $\mathit{minimal}$ supervision extension to an existing unsupervised technique. Our evaluation shows that: 1. adding supervision to an existing unsupervised technique can improve performance, though not necessarily by much; 2. simple networks for supervision can be more effective that more sophisticated sequence-based networks for code search; 3. while it is common to use docstrings to carry out supervision, there is a sizeable gap between the effectiveness of docstrings and a more query-appropriate supervision corpus. 

064__ Convolutional Neural Networks Utilizing Multifunctional Spin-Hall MTJ  Neurons__arXiv:1905.03812
Author: Andrew W. Stephan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03812
 Abstract: We propose a new network architecture for standard spin-Hall magnetic tunnel junction-based spintronic neurons that allows them to compute multiple critical convolutional neural network functionalities simultaneously and in parallel, saving space and time. An approximation to the Rectified Linear Unit transfer function and the local pooling function are computed simultaneously with the convolution operation itself. A proof-of-concept simulation is performed on the MNIST dataset, achieving up to 98% accuracy at a cost of less than 1 nJ for all convolution, activation and pooling operations combined. The simulations are remarkably robust to thermal noise, performing well even with very small magnetic layers. 

065__ A Deep Neural Network Approach to  High-Dimensional Time Series Forecasting__arXiv:1905.03806
Author: Rajat Sen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03806
 Abstract: Forecasting high-dimensional time series plays a crucial role in many applications such as demand forecasting and financial predictions. Modern real-world datasets can have millions of correlated time-series that evolve together, i.e they are extremely high dimensional (one dimension for each individual time-series). Thus there is need for exploiting these global patterns and coupling them with local calibration for better prediction. However, most recent deep learning approaches in the literature are one-dimensional, i.e, even though they are trained on the whole dataset, during prediction, the future forecast for a single dimension mainly depends on past values from the same dimension. In this paper, we seek to correct this deficiency and propose DeepGLO, a deep forecasting model which thinks globally and acts locally. In particular, DeepGLO is a hybrid model that combines a global matrix factorization model regularized by a temporal deep network with a local deep temporal model that captures patterns specific to each dimension. The global and local models are combined via a data-driven attention mechanism for each dimension. The proposed deep architecture used is a variation of temporal convolution termed as leveled network which can be trained effectively on high-dimensional but diverse time series, where different time series can have vastly different scales, without a priori normalization or rescaling. Empirical results demonstrate that DeepGLO outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on various datasets; for example, we see more than 30% improvement in WAPE over other methods on a real-world dataset that contains more than 100K-dimensional time series. 