------------------------------
Thu, Jun 13  2019
------------------------------
85 new papers today.

001__ Efficient Exploration via State Marginal Matching__arXiv:1906.05274
Author: Lisa Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05274
 Abstract: To solve tasks with sparse rewards, reinforcement learning algorithms must be equipped with suitable exploration techniques. However, it is unclear what underlying objective is being optimized by existing exploration algorithms, or how they can be altered to incorporate prior knowledge about the task. Most importantly, it is difficult to use exploration experience from one task to acquire exploration strategies for another task. We address these shortcomings by learning a single exploration policy that can quickly solve a suite of downstream tasks in a multi-task setting, amortizing the cost of learning to explore. We recast exploration as a problem of State Marginal Matching (SMM): we learn a mixture of policies for which the state marginal distribution matches a given target state distribution, which can incorporate prior knowledge about the task. Without any prior knowledge, the SMM objective reduces to maximizing the marginal state entropy. We optimize the objective by reducing it to a two-player, zero-sum game, where we iteratively fit a state density model and then update the policy to visit states with low density under this model. While many previous algorithms for exploration employ a similar procedure, they omit a crucial historical averaging step, without which the iterative procedure does not converge to a Nash equilibria. To parallelize exploration, we extend our algorithm to use mixtures of policies, wherein we discover connections between SMM and previously-proposed skill learning methods based on mutual information. On complex navigation and manipulation tasks, we demonstrate that our algorithm explores faster and adapts more quickly to new tasks. 

002__ Does Learning Require Memorization? A Short Tale about a Long Tail__arXiv:1906.05271
Author: Vitaly Feldman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05271
 Abstract: State-of-the-art results on image recognition tasks are achieved using over-parameterized learning algorithms that (nearly) perfectly fit the training set. This phenomenon is referred to as data interpolation or, informally, as memorization of the training data. The question of why such algorithms generalize well to unseen data is not adequately addressed by the standard theoretical frameworks and, as a result, significant theoretical and experimental effort has been devoted to understanding the properties of such algorithms. We provide a simple and generic model for prediction problems in which interpolating the dataset is necessary for achieving close-to-optimal generalization error. The model is motivated and supported by the results of several recent empirical works. In our model, data is sampled from a mixture of subpopulations and the frequencies of these subpopulations are chosen from some prior. The model allows to quantify the effect of not fitting the training data on the generalization performance of the learned classifier and demonstrates that memorization is necessary whenever frequencies are long-tailed. Image and text data are known to follow such distributions and therefore our results establish a formal link between these empirical phenomena. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first general framework that demonstrates statistical benefits of plain memorization for learning. Our results also have concrete implications for the cost of ensuring differential privacy in learning. 

003__ Artificial Intelligence Enabled Material Behavior Prediction__arXiv:1906.05270
Author: Timothy Hanlon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05270
 Abstract: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms have considerable potential to influence the prediction of material properties. Additive materials have a unique property prediction challenge in the form of surface roughness effects on fatigue behavior of structural components. Traditional approaches using finite element methods to calculate stress risers associated with additively built surfaces have been challenging due to the computational resources required, often taking over a day to calculate a single sample prediction. To address this performance challenge, Deep Learning has been employed to enable low cycle fatigue life prediction in additive materials in a matter of seconds. 

004__ Probabilistic Time Series Models in Python__arXiv:1906.05264
Author: Alexander Alexandrov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05264
 Abstract: We introduce Gluon Time Series (GluonTS)\footnote{\url{this https URL}}, a library for deep-learning-based time series modeling. GluonTS simplifies the development of and experimentation with time series models for common tasks such as forecasting or anomaly detection. It provides all necessary components and tools that scientists need for quickly building new models, for efficiently running and analyzing experiments and for evaluating model accuracy. 

005__ Multitask Learning for Network Traffic Classification__arXiv:1906.05248
Author: Shahbaz Rezaei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05248
 Abstract: Traffic classification has various applications in today's Internet, from resource allocation, billing and QoS purposes in ISPs to firewall and malware detection in clients. Classical machine learning algorithms and deep learning models have been widely used to solve the traffic classification task. However, training such models requires a large amount of labeled data. Labeling data is often the most difficult and time-consuming process in building a classifier. To solve this challenge, we reformulate the traffic classification into a multi-task learning framework where bandwidth requirement and duration of a flow are predicted along with the traffic class. The motivation of this approach is twofold: First, bandwidth requirement and duration are useful in many applications, including routing, resource allocation, and QoS provisioning. Second, these two values can be obtained from each flow easily without the need for human labeling or capturing flows in a controlled and isolated environment. We show that with a large amount of easily obtainable data samples for bandwidth and duration prediction tasks, and only a few data samples for the traffic classification task, one can achieve high accuracy. We conduct two experiment with ISCX and QUIC public datasets and show the efficacy of our approach. 

006__ When to use parametric models in reinforcement learning?__arXiv:1906.05243
Author: Hado van Hasselt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05243
 Abstract: We examine the question of when and how parametric models are most useful in reinforcement learning. In particular, we look at commonalities and differences between parametric models and experience replay. Replay-based learning algorithms share important traits with model-based approaches, including the ability to plan: to use more computation without additional data to improve predictions and behaviour. We discuss when to expect benefits from either approach, and interpret prior work in this context. We hypothesise that, under suitable conditions, replay-based algorithms should be competitive to or better than model-based algorithms if the model is used only to generate fictional transitions from observed states for an update rule that is otherwise model-free. We validated this hypothesis on Atari 2600 video games. The replay-based algorithm attained state-of-the-art data efficiency, improving over prior results with parametric models. 

007__ A Model to Search for Synthesizable Molecules__arXiv:1906.05221
Author: John Bradshaw
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05221
 Abstract: Deep generative models are able to suggest new organic molecules by generating strings, trees, and graphs representing their structure. While such models allow one to generate molecules with desirable properties, they give no guarantees that the molecules can actually be synthesized in practice. We propose a new molecule generation model, mirroring a more realistic real-world process, where (a) reactants are selected, and (b) combined to form more complex molecules. More specifically, our generative model proposes a bag of initial reactants (selected from a pool of commercially-available molecules) and uses a reaction model to predict how they react together to generate new molecules. We first show that the model can generate diverse, valid and unique molecules due to the useful inductive biases of modeling reactions. Furthermore, our model allows chemists to interrogate not only the properties of the generated molecules but also the feasibility of the synthesis routes. We conclude by using our model to solve retrosynthesis problems, predicting a set of reactants that can produce a target product. 

008__ Is Deep Learning an RG Flow?__arXiv:1906.05212
Author: Ellen de Mello Koch
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05212
 Abstract: Although there has been a rapid development of practical applications, theoretical explanations of deep learning are in their infancy. A possible starting point suggests that deep learning performs a sophisticated coarse graining. Coarse graining is the foundation of the renormalization group (RG), which provides a systematic construction of the theory of large scales starting from an underlying microscopic theory. In this way RG can be interpreted as providing a mechanism to explain the emergence of large scale structure, which is directly relevant to deep learning. We pursue the possibility that RG may provide a useful framework within which to pursue a theoretical explanation of deep learning. A statistical mechanics model for a magnet, the Ising model, is used to train an unsupervised RBM. The patterns generated by the trained RBM are compared to the configurations generated through a RG treatment of the Ising model. We argue that correlation functions between hidden and visible neurons are capable of diagnosing RG-like coarse graining. Numerical experiments show the presence of RG-like patterns in correlators computed using the trained RBMs. The observables we consider are also able to exhibit important differences between RG and deep learning. 

009__ Warping Resilient Time Series Embeddings__arXiv:1906.05205
Author: Anish Mathew
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05205
 Abstract: Time series are ubiquitous in real world problems and computing distance between two time series is often required in several learning tasks. Computing similarity between time series by ignoring variations in speed or warping is often encountered and dynamic time warping (DTW) is the state of the art. However DTW is not applicable in algorithms which require kernel or vectors. In this paper, we propose a mechanism named WaRTEm to generate vector embeddings of time series such that distance measures in the embedding space exhibit resilience to warping. Therefore, WaRTEm is more widely applicable than DTW. WaRTEm is based on a twin auto-encoder architecture and a training strategy involving warping operators for generating warping resilient embeddings for time series datasets. We evaluate the performance of WaRTEm and observed more than $20\%$ improvement over DTW in multiple real-world datasets. 

010__ Manifold Graph with Learned Prototypes for Semi-Supervised Image  Classification__arXiv:1906.05202
Author: Chia-Wen Kuo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05202
 Abstract: Recent advances in semi-supervised learning methods rely on estimating categories for unlabeled data using a model trained on the labeled data (pseudo-labeling) and using the unlabeled data for various consistency-based regularization. In this work, we propose to additionally explicitly leverage the structure of the data manifold based on a Manifold Graph constructed over the image instances within the feature space. Specifically, we propose an architecture based on graph networks that jointly optimizes feature extraction, graph connectivity, and feature propagation and aggregation to unlabeled data in an end-to-end manner. Further, we present a novel Prototype Generator for producing a diverse set of prototypes that compactly represent each category, which supports feature propagation. To evaluate our method, we first contribute a strong baseline that combines two consistency-based regularizers that already achieves state of art results especially with fewer labels. We then show that when combined with these losses, the proposed method facilitates the propagation of information from generated prototypes to image data to further improve results. We provide extensive qualitative and quantitative experimental results on semi-supervised benchmarks demonstrating the improvements arising from our design and show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance when compared with existing methods using a single model and comparable with ensemble methods. Specifically, we achieve error rates of 3.35% on SVHN, 8.27% on CIFAR-10, and 33.97 on CIFAR-100. With much fewer labels, we surpass the state of art by significant margins, with 39% relative error decrease on average. 

011__ Macro-action Multi-timescale Dynamic Programming for Energy Management  with Phase Change Materials__arXiv:1906.05200
Author: Zahra Rahimpour
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05200
 Abstract: This paper focuses on home energy management systems (HEMS) in buildings that have controllable HVAC systems and use phase change material (PCM) as an energy storage system. In this setting, optimally operating a HVAC system is a challenge, because of the nonlinear and non-convex characteristics of the PCM, which makes the corresponding optimization problem impractical with commonly used methods in HEMS. Instead, we use dynamic programming (DP) to deal with the nonlinear features of PCM. However, DP suffers from the curse of dimensionality. Given this drawback, this paper proposes a novel methodology to reduce the computational burden of the DP algorithm in HEMS optimisation with PCM, while maintaining the quality of the solution. Specifically, the method incorporates approaches from sequential decision making in artificial intelligence, including macro-action and multi-time scale abstractions, coupled with an underlying state-space approximation to reduce state-space and action-space size. The method is demonstrated on an energy management problem for a typical residential building located in Sydney for four seasonal weather conditions. Our results demonstrate that the proposed method performs well with an attractive computational cost. In particular, it has a significant speed-up over directly applying DP to the problem, of up to 12900 times faster. 

012__ Parameterized Structured Pruning for Deep Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.05180
Author: Guenther Schindler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05180
 Abstract: As a result of the growing size of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), the gap to hardware capabilities in terms of memory and compute increases. To effectively compress DNNs, quantization and connection pruning are usually considered. However, unconstrained pruning usually leads to unstructured parallelism, which maps poorly to massively parallel processors, and substantially reduces the efficiency of general-purpose processors. Similar applies to quantization, which often requires dedicated hardware. We propose Parameterized Structured Pruning (PSP), a novel method to dynamically learn the shape of DNNs through structured sparsity. PSP parameterizes structures (e.g. channel- or layer-wise) in a weight tensor and leverages weight decay to learn a clear distinction between important and unimportant structures. As a result, PSP maintains prediction performance, creates a substantial amount of sparsity that is structured and, thus, easy and efficient to map to a variety of massively parallel processors, which are mandatory for utmost compute power and energy efficiency. PSP is experimentally validated on the popular CIFAR10/100 and ILSVRC2012 datasets using ResNet and DenseNet architectures, respectively. 

013__ Deep Collaborative Encoder Framework for Unsupervised Clustering__arXiv:1906.05173
Author: Jielei Chu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05173
 Abstract: Collaborative representation is a popular feature learning approach, which encoding process is assisted by variety types of information. In this paper, we propose a collaborative representation restricted Boltzmann Machine (CRRBM) for modeling binary data and a collaborative representation Gaussian restricted Boltzmann Machine (CRGRBM) for modeling realvalued data by applying a collaborative representation strategy in the encoding procedure. We utilize Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) to generate similar sample subsets of the instance and observed feature set simultaneously from input data. Hence, we can obtain some mini blocks, which come from the intersection of instance and observed feature subsets. Then we integrate Contrastive Divergence and Bregman Divergence methods with mini blocks to optimize our CRRBM and CRGRBM models. In their training process, the complex collaborative relationships between multiple instances and features are fused into the hidden layer encoding. Hence, these encodings have dual characteristics of concealment and cooperation. Here, we develop two deep collaborative encoder frameworks (DCEF) based on the CRRBM and CRGRBM models: one is a DCEF with Gaussian linear visible units (GDCEF) for modeling real-valued data, and the other is a DCEF with binary visible units (BDCEF) for modeling binary data. We explore the collaborative representation capability of the hidden features in every layer of the GDCEF and BDCEF framework, especially in the deepest hidden layer. The experimental results show that the GDCEF and BDCEF frameworks have more outstanding performances than the classic Autoencoder framework for unsupervised clustering task on the MSRA-MM2.0 and UCI datasets, respectively. 

014__ Regret Minimization for Reinforcement Learning by Evaluating the Optimal  Bias Function__arXiv:1906.05110
Author: Zihan Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05110
 Abstract: We present an algorithm based on the Optimism in the Face of Uncertainty (OFU) principle which is able to learn Reinforcement Learning (RL) modeled by Markov decision process (MDP) with finite state-action space efficiently. By evaluating the state-pair difference of the optimal bias function $h^{*}$, the proposed algorithm achieves a regret bound of $\tilde{O}(\sqrt{SAHT})$for MDP with $S$ states and $A$ actions, in the case that an upper bound $H$ on the span of $h^{*}$, i.e., $sp(h^{*})$ is known. This result outperforms the best previous regret bounds $\tilde{O}(HS\sqrt{AT})$ [Bartlett and Tewari, 2009] by a factor of $\sqrt{SH}$. Furthermore, this regret bound matches the lower bound of $\Omega(\sqrt{SAHT})$ [Jaksch et al., 2010] up to a logarithmic factor. As a consequence, we show that there is a near optimal regret bound of $\tilde{O}(\sqrt{SADT})$ for MDPs with finite diameter $D$ compared to the lower bound of $\Omega(\sqrt{SADT})$ [Jaksch et al., 2010]. 

015__ From Closing Triangles to  Closing Higher-Order Motifs__arXiv:1906.05059
Author: Ryan A. Rossi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05059
 Abstract: In this paper, we introduce the notion of motif closure and describe higher-order ranking and link prediction methods based on the notion of closing higher-order network motifs. The methods are fast and efficient for real-time ranking and link prediction-based applications such as web search, online advertising, and recommendation. In such applications, real-time performance is critical. The proposed methods do not require any explicit training data, nor do they derive an embedding from the graph data, or perform any explicit learning. Existing methods with the above desired properties are all based on closing triangles (common neighbors, Jaccard similarity, and the ilk). In this work, we investigate higher-order network motifs and develop techniques based on the notion of closing higher-order motifs that move beyond closing simple triangles. All methods described in this work are fast with a runtime that is sublinear in the number of nodes. The experimental results indicate the importance of closing higher-order motifs for ranking and link prediction applications. Finally, the proposed notion of higher-order motif closure can serve as a basis for studying and developing better ranking and link prediction methods. 

016__ Decoupling Gating from Linearity__arXiv:1906.05032
Author: Jonathan Fiat
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05032
 Abstract: ReLU neural-networks have been in the focus of many recent theoretical works, trying to explain their empirical success. Nonetheless, there is still a gap between current theoretical results and empirical observations, even in the case of shallow (one hidden-layer) networks. For example, in the task of memorizing a random sample of size $m$ and dimension $d$, the best theoretical result requires the size of the network to be $\tilde{\Omega}(\frac{m^2}{d})$, while empirically a network of size slightly larger than $\frac{m}{d}$ is sufficient. To bridge this gap, we turn to study a simplified model for ReLU networks. We observe that a ReLU neuron is a product of a linear function with a gate (the latter determines whether the neuron is active or not), where both share a jointly trained weight vector. In this spirit, we introduce the Gated Linear Unit (GaLU), which simply decouples the linearity from the gating by assigning different vectors for each role. We show that GaLU networks allow us to get optimization and generalization results that are much stronger than those available for ReLU networks. Specifically, we show a memorization result for networks of size $\tilde{\Omega}(\frac{m}{d})$, and improved generalization bounds. Finally, we show that in some scenarios, GaLU networks behave similarly to ReLU networks, hence proving to be a good choice of a simplified model. 

017__ Fast Task Inference with Variational Intrinsic Successor Features__arXiv:1906.05030
Author: Steven Hansen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05030
 Abstract: It has been established that diverse behaviors spanning the controllable subspace of an Markov decision process can be trained by rewarding a policy for being distinguishable from other policies \citep{gregor2016variational, eysenbach2018diversity, warde2018unsupervised}. However, one limitation of this formulation is generalizing behaviors beyond the finite set being explicitly learned, as is needed for use on subsequent tasks. Successor features \citep{dayan93improving, barreto2017successor} provide an appealing solution to this generalization problem, but require defining the reward function as linear in some grounded feature space. In this paper, we show that these two techniques can be combined, and that each method solves the other's primary limitation. To do so we introduce Variational Intrinsic Successor FeatuRes (VISR), a novel algorithm which learns controllable features that can be leveraged to provide enhanced generalization and fast task inference through the successor feature framework. We empirically validate VISR on the full Atari suite, in a novel setup wherein the rewards are only exposed briefly after a long unsupervised phase. Achieving human-level performance on 14 games and beating all baselines, we believe VISR represents a step towards agents that rapidly learn from limited feedback. 

018__ Who Will Win It? An In-game Win Probability Model for Football__arXiv:1906.05029
Author: Pieter Robberechts
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05029
 Abstract: In-game win probability is a statistical metric that provides a sports team's likelihood of winning at any given point in a game, based on the performance of historical teams in the same situation. In-game win-probability models have been extensively studied in baseball, basketball and American football. These models serve as a tool to enhance the fan experience, evaluate in game-decision making and measure the risk-reward balance for coaching decisions. In contrast, they have received less attention in association football, because its low-scoring nature makes it far more challenging to analyze. In this paper, we build an in-game win probability model for football. Specifically, we first show that porting existing approaches, both in terms of the predictive models employed and the features considered, does not yield good in-game win-probability estimates for football. Second, we introduce our own Bayesian statistical model that utilizes a set of eight variables to predict the running win, tie and loss probabilities for the home team. We train our model using event data from the last four seasons of the major European football competitions. Our results indicate that our model provides well-calibrated probabilities. Finally, we elaborate on two use cases for our win probability metric: enhancing the fan experience and evaluating performance in crucial situations. 

019__ Methods, Applications, and  Evaluations__arXiv:1906.05017
Author: Xiang Yue
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05017
 Abstract: Motivation: Graph embedding learning which aims to automatically learn low-dimensional node representations has drawn increasing attention in recent years. To date, most recent graph embedding methods are mainly evaluated on social and information networks and have yet to be comprehensively studied on biomedical networks under systematic experiments and analyses. On the other hand, for a variety of biomedical network analysis tasks, traditional techniques such as matrix factorization (which can be seen as one type of graph embedding methods) have shown promising results, and hence there is a need to systematically evaluate more recent graph embedding methods (e.g., random walk-based and neural network-based) in terms of their usability and potential to further the state-of-the-art. Results: We conduct a systematic comparison of existing graph embedding methods on three important biomedical link prediction tasks: drug-disease association (DDA) prediction, drug-drug interaction (DDI)prediction, protein-protein interaction (PPI) prediction, and one node classification task, i.e., classifying the semantic types of medical terms (nodes). Our experimental results demonstrate that the recent graph embedding methods are generally more effective than traditional embedding methods. Besides, compared with two state-of-the-art methods for DDAs and DDIs predictions, graph embedding methods without using any biological features achieve very competitive performance. Moreover, we summarize the experience we have learned and provide guidelines for properly selecting graph embedding methods and setting their hyper-parameters. Availability: We develop an easy-to-use Python package with detailed instructions, BioNEV, available at:this https URL, including all source code and datasets, to facilitate studying various graph embedding methods on biomedical tasks 

020__ Deep Reinforcement Learning for Unmanned Aerial Vehicle-Assisted  Vehicular Networks__arXiv:1906.05015
Author: Ming Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05015
 Abstract: Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are envisioned to complement the 5G communication infrastructure in future smart cities. Hot spots easily appear in road intersections, where effective communication among vehicles is challenging. UAVs may serve as relays with the advantages of low price, easy deployment, line-of-sight links, and flexible mobility. In this paper, we study a UAV-assisted vehicular network where the UAV jointly adjusts its transmission power and bandwidth allocation under 3D flight to maximize the total throughput. First, we formulate a Markov Decision Process (MDP) problem by modeling the mobility of vehicles and the state transitions caused by the UAV's 3D flight. Secondly, we solve the target problem using a deep reinforcement learning method, namely, the deep deterministic policy gradient, and propose three solutions with different control objectives. Thirdly, in a simplified model with small state and action spaces, we verify the optimality of proposed algorithms. Comparing with two baseline schemes, we demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed algorithms in a realistic model. 

021__ Neural Variational Inference For Estimating Uncertainty in Knowledge  Graph Embeddings__arXiv:1906.04985
Author: Alexander I. Cowen-Rivers
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04985
 Abstract: Recent advances in Neural Variational Inference allowed for a renaissance in latent variable models in a variety of domains involving high-dimensional data. While traditional variational methods derive an analytical approximation for the intractable distribution over the latent variables, here we construct an inference network conditioned on the symbolic representation of entities and relation types in the Knowledge Graph, to provide the variational distributions. The new framework results in a highly-scalable method. Under a Bernoulli sampling framework, we provide an alternative justification for commonly used techniques in large-scale stochastic variational inference, which drastically reduce training time at a cost of an additional approximation to the variational lower bound. We introduce two models from this highly scalable probabilistic framework, namely the Latent Information and Latent Fact models, for reasoning over knowledge graph-based representations. Our Latent Information and Latent Fact models improve upon baseline performance under certain conditions. We use the learnt embedding variance to estimate predictive uncertainty during link prediction, and discuss the quality of these learnt uncertainty estimates. Our source code and datasets are publicly available online at this https URL 

022__ A Stratified Approach to Robustness for Randomly Smoothed Classifiers__arXiv:1906.04948
Author: Guang-He Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04948
 Abstract: Strong theoretical guarantees of robustness can be given for ensembles of classifiers generated by input randomization. Specifically, an $\ell_2$ bounded adversary cannot alter the ensemble prediction generated by an isotropic Gaussian perturbation, where the radius for the adversary depends on both the variance of the perturbation as well as the ensemble margin at the point of interest. We build on and considerably expand this work across broad classes of perturbations. In particular, we offer guarantees and develop algorithms for the discrete case where the adversary is $\ell_0$ bounded. Moreover, we exemplify how the guarantees can be tightened with specific assumptions about the function class of the classifier such as a decision tree. We empirically illustrate these results with and without functional restrictions across image and molecule datasets. 

023__ Partial Or Complete, That's The Question__arXiv:1906.04937
Author: Qiang Ning
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04937
 Abstract: For many structured learning tasks, the data annotation process is complex and costly. Existing annotation schemes usually aim at acquiring completely annotated structures, under the common perception that partial structures are of low quality and could hurt the learning process. This paper questions this common perception, motivated by the fact that structures consist of interdependent sets of variables. Thus, given a fixed budget, partly annotating each structure may provide the same level of supervision, while allowing for more structures to be annotated. We provide an information theoretic formulation for this perspective and use it, in the context of three diverse structured learning tasks, to show that learning from partial structures can sometimes outperform learning from complete ones. Our findings may provide important insights into structured data annotation schemes and could support progress in learning protocols for structured tasks. 

024__ Non-Parametric Calibration for Classification__arXiv:1906.04933
Author: Jonathan Wenger
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04933
 Abstract: Many applications for classification methods not only require high accuracy but also reliable estimation of predictive uncertainty. However, while many current classification frameworks, in particular deep neural network architectures, provide very good results in terms of accuracy, they tend to underestimate their predictive uncertainty. In this paper, we propose a method that corrects the confidence output of a general classifier such that it approaches the true probability of classifying correctly. This classifier calibration is, in contrast to existing approaches, based on a non-parametric representation using a latent Gaussian process and specifically designed for multi-class classification. It can be applied to any classification method that outputs confidence estimates and is not limited to neural networks. We also provide a theoretical analysis regarding the over- and underconfidence of a classifier and its relationship to calibration. In experiments we show the universally strong performance of our method across different classifiers and benchmark data sets in contrast to existing classifier calibration techniques. 

025__ A Survey__arXiv:1906.04928
Author: Senzhang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04928
 Abstract: With the fast development of various positioning techniques such as Global Position System (GPS), mobile devices and remote sensing, spatio-temporal data has become increasingly available nowadays. Mining valuable knowledge from spatio-temporal data is critically important to many real world applications including human mobility understanding, smart transportation, urban planning, public safety, health care and environmental management. As the number, volume and resolution of spatio-temporal datasets increase rapidly, traditional data mining methods, especially statistics based methods for dealing with such data are becoming overwhelmed. Recently, with the advances of deep learning techniques, deep leaning models such as convolutional neural network (CNN) and recurrent neural network (RNN) have enjoyed considerable success in various machine learning tasks due to their powerful hierarchical feature learning ability in both spatial and temporal domains, and have been widely applied in various spatio-temporal data mining (STDM) tasks such as predictive learning, representation learning, anomaly detection and classification. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive survey on recent progress in applying deep learning techniques for STDM. We first categorize the types of spatio-temporal data and briefly introduce the popular deep learning models that are used in STDM. Then a framework is introduced to show a general pipeline of the utilization of deep learning models for STDM. Next we classify existing literatures based on the types of ST data, the data mining tasks, and the deep learning models, followed by the applications of deep learning for STDM in different domains including transportation, climate science, human mobility, location based social network, crime analysis, and neuroscience. Finally, we conclude the limitations of current research and point out future research directions. 

026__ Search-based Pseudocode to Code__arXiv:1906.04908
Author: Sumith Kulal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04908
 Abstract: We consider the task of mapping pseudocode to long programs that are functionally correct. Given test cases as a mechanism to validate programs, we search over the space of possible translations of the pseudocode to find a program that passes the validation. However, without proper credit assignment to localize the sources of program failures, it is difficult to guide search toward more promising programs. We propose to perform credit assignment based on signals from compilation errors, which constitute 88.7% of program failures. Concretely, we treat the translation of each pseudocode line as a discrete portion of the program, and whenever a synthesized program fails to compile, an error localization method tries to identify the portion of the program responsible for the failure. We then focus search over alternative translations of the pseudocode for those portions. For evaluation, we collected the SPoC dataset (Search-based Pseudocode to Code) containing 18,356 programs with human-authored pseudocode and test cases. Under a budget of 100 program compilations, performing search improves the synthesis success rate over using the top-one translation of the pseudocode from 25.6% to 44.7%. 

027__ Coresets for Gaussian Mixture Models of Any Shape__arXiv:1906.04895
Author: Dan Feldman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04895
 Abstract: An $\varepsilon$-coreset for a given set $D$ of $n$ points, is usually a small weighted set, such that querying the coreset \emph{provably} yields a $(1+\varepsilon)$-factor approximation to the original (full) dataset, for a given family of queries. Using existing techniques, coresets can be maintained for streaming, dynamic (insertion/deletions), and distributed data in parallel, e.g. on a network, GPU or cloud. We suggest the first coresets that approximate the negative log-likelihood for $k$-Gaussians Mixture Models (GMM) of arbitrary shapes (ratio between eigenvalues of their covariance matrices). For example, for any input set $D$ whose coordinates are integers in $[-n^{100},n^{100}]$ and any fixed $k,d\geq 1$, the coreset size is $(\log n)^{O(1)}/\varepsilon^2$, and can be computed in time near-linear in $n$, with high probability. The optimal GMM may then be approximated quickly by learning the small coreset. Previous results [NIPS'11, JMLR'18] suggested such small coresets for the case of semi-speherical unit Gaussians, i.e., where their corresponding eigenvalues are constants between $\frac{1}{2\pi}$ to $2\pi$. Our main technique is a reduction between coresets for $k$-GMMs and projective clustering problems. We implemented our algorithms, and provide open code, and experimental results. Since our coresets are generic, with no special dependency on GMMs, we hope that they will be useful for many other functions. 

028__ Efficient and Accurate Estimation of Lipschitz Constants for Deep Neural  Networks__arXiv:1906.04893
Author: Mahyar Fazlyab
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04893
 Abstract: Tight estimation of the Lipschitz constant for deep neural networks (DNNs) is useful in many applications ranging from robustness certification of classifiers to stability analysis of closed-loop systems with reinforcement learning controllers. Existing methods in the literature for estimating the Lipschitz constant suffer from either lack of accuracy or poor scalability. In this paper, we present a convex optimization framework to compute guaranteed upper bounds on the Lipschitz constant of DNNs both accurately and efficiently. Our main idea is to interpret activation functions as gradients of convex potential functions. Hence, they satisfy certain properties that can be described by quadratic constraints. This particular description allows us to pose the Lipschitz constant estimation problem as a semidefinite program (SDP). The resulting SDP can be adapted to increase either the estimation accuracy (by capturing the interaction between activation functions of different layers) or scalability (by decomposition and parallel implementation). We illustrate the utility of our approach with a variety of experiments on randomly generated networks and on classifiers trained on the MNIST and Iris datasets. In particular, we experimentally demonstrate that our Lipschitz bounds are the most accurate compared to those in the literature. We also study the impact of adversarial training methods on the Lipschitz bounds of the resulting classifiers and show that our bounds can be used to efficiently provide robustness guarantees. 

029__ Using Small Proxy Datasets to Accelerate Hyperparameter Search__arXiv:1906.04887
Author: Sam Shleifer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04887
 Abstract: One of the biggest bottlenecks in a machine learning workflow is waiting for models to train. Depending on the available computing resources, it can take days to weeks to train a neural network on a large dataset with many classes such as ImageNet. For researchers experimenting with new algorithmic approaches, this is impractically time consuming and costly. We aim to generate smaller "proxy datasets" where experiments are cheaper to run but results are highly correlated with experimental results on the full dataset. We generate these proxy datasets using by randomly sampling from examples or classes, training on only the easiest or hardest examples and training on synthetic examples generated by "data distillation". We compare these techniques to the more widely used baseline of training on the full dataset for fewer epochs. For each proxying strategy, we estimate three measures of "proxy quality": how much of the variance in experimental results on the full dataset can be explained by experimental results on the proxy dataset. Experiments on Imagenette and Imagewoof (Howard, 2019) show that running hyperparameter search on the easiest 10% of examples explains 81% of the variance in experiment results on the target task, and using the easiest 50% of examples can explain 95% of the variance, significantly more than training on all the data for fewer epochs, a more widely used baseline. These "easy" proxies are higher quality than training on the full dataset for a reduced number of epochs (but equivalent computational cost), and, unexpectedly, higher quality than proxies constructed from the hardest examples. Without access to a trained model, researchers can improve proxy quality by restricting the subset to fewer classes; proxies built on half the classes are higher quality than those with an equivalent number of examples spread across all classes. 

030__ Run-Time Efficient RNN Compression for Inference on Edge Devices__arXiv:1906.04886
Author: Urmish Thakker
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04886
 Abstract: Recurrent neural networks can be large and compute-intensive, yet many applications that benefit from RNNs run on small devices with very limited compute and storage capabilities while still having run-time constraints. As a result, there is a need for compression techniques that can achieve significant compression without negatively impacting inference run-time and task accuracy. This paper explores a new compressed RNN cell implementation called Hybrid Matrix Decomposition (HMD) that achieves this dual objective. This scheme divides the weight matrix into two parts - an unconstrained upper half and a lower half composed of rank-1 blocks. This results in output features where the upper sub-vector has "richer" features while the lower-sub vector has "constrained" features". HMD can compress RNNs by a factor of 2-4x while having a faster run-time than pruning and retaining more model accuracy than matrix factorization. We evaluate this technique on 3 benchmarks. 

031__ Multiple instance learning with graph neural networks__arXiv:1906.04881
Author: Ming Tu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04881
 Abstract: Multiple instance learning (MIL) aims to learn the mapping between a bag of instances and the bag-level label. In this paper, we propose a new end-to-end graph neural network (GNN) based algorithm for MIL: we treat each bag as a graph and use GNN to learn the bag embedding, in order to explore the useful structural information among instances in bags. The final graph representation is fed into a classifier for label prediction. Our algorithm is the first attempt to use GNN for MIL. We empirically show that the proposed algorithm achieves the state of the art performance on several popular MIL data sets without losing model interpretability. 

032__ Semi-flat minima and saddle points by embedding neural networks to  overparameterization__arXiv:1906.04868
Author: Kenji Fukumizu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04868
 Abstract: We theoretically study the landscape of the training error for neural networks in overparameterized cases. We consider three basic methods for embedding a network into a wider one with more hidden units, and discuss whether a minimum point of the narrower network gives a minimum or saddle point of the wider one. Our results show that the networks with smooth and ReLU activation have different partially flat landscapes around the embedded point. We also relate these results to a difference of their generalization abilities in overparameterized realization. 

033__ On regularization for a convolutional kernel in neural networks__arXiv:1906.04866
Author: Peichang Guo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04866
 Abstract: Convolutional neural network is a very important model of deep learning. It can help avoid the exploding/vanishing gradient problem and improve the generalizability of a neural network if the singular values of the Jacobian of a layer are bounded around $1$ in the training process. We propose a new penalty function for a convolutional kernel to let the singular values of the corresponding transformation matrix are bounded around $1$. We show how to carry out the gradient type methods. The penalty is about the transformation matrix corresponding to a kernel, not directly about the kernel, which is different from results in existing papers. This provides a new regularization method about the weights of convolutional layers. Other penalty functions about a kernel can be devised following this idea in future. 

034__ Statistical guarantees for local graph clustering__arXiv:1906.04863
Author: Wooseok Ha
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04863
 Abstract: Local graph clustering methods aim to find small clusters in very large graphs. These methods take as input a graph and a seed node, and they return as output a good cluster in a running time that depends on the size of the output cluster but that is independent of the size of the input graph. In this paper, we adopt a statistical perspective on local graph clustering, and we analyze the performance of the l1-regularized PageRank method (a popular local graph clustering method) for the recovery of a single target cluster, given a seed node inside the cluster. Assuming the target cluster has been generated by a random model, we present two results. In the first, we show that the optimal support of l1-regularized PageRank recovers the full target cluster, with bounded false positives. In the second, we show that if the seed node is connected solely to the target cluster then the optimal support of l1-regularized PageRank recovers exactly the target cluster. We also show that the solution path of l1-regularized PageRank is monotonic. From a computational perspective, this permits the application of the forward stagewise algorithm, which in turn permits us to approximate the entire solution path of the local cluster in a running time that does not depend on the size of the entire graph. 

035__ Learning to Cut__arXiv:1906.04859
Author: Yunhao Tang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04859
 Abstract: Integer programming (IP) is a general optimization framework widely applicable to a variety of unstructured and structured problems arising in, e.g., scheduling, production planning, and graph optimization. As IP models many provably hard to solve problems, modern IP solvers rely on many heuristics. These heuristics are usually human-designed, and naturally prone to suboptimality. The goal of this work is to show that the performance of those solvers can be greatly enhanced using reinforcement learning (RL). In particular, we investigate a specific methodology for solving IPs, known as the Cutting Plane Method. This method is employed as a subroutine by all modern IP solvers. We present a deep RL formulation, network architecture, and algorithms for intelligent adaptive selection of cutting planes (aka cuts). Across a wide range of IP tasks, we show that the trained RL agent significantly outperforms human-designed heuristics, and effectively generalizes to 10X larger instances and across IP problem classes. The trained agent is also demonstrated to benefit the popular downstream application of cutting plane methods in Branch-and-Cut algorithm, which is the backbone of state-of-the-art commercial IP solvers. 

036__ A Closer Look at the Optimization Landscapes of Generative Adversarial  Networks__arXiv:1906.04848
Author: Hugo Berard
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04848
 Abstract: Generative adversarial networks have been very successful in generative modeling, however they remain relatively hard to optimize compared to standard deep neural networks. In this paper, we try to gain insight into the optimization of GANs by looking at the game vector field resulting from the concatenation of the gradient of both players. Based on this point of view, we propose visualization techniques that allow us to make the following empirical observations. First, the training of GANs suffers from rotational behavior around locally stable stationary points, which, as we show, corresponds to the presence of imaginary components in the eigenvalues of the Jacobian of the game. Secondly, GAN training seems to converge to a stable stationary point which is a saddle point for the generator loss, not a minimum, while still achieving excellent performance. This counter-intuitive yet persistent observation questions whether we actually need a Nash equilibrium to get good performance in GANs. 

037__ Discrepancy, Coresets, and Sketches in Machine Learning__arXiv:1906.04845
Author: Zohar Karnin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04845
 Abstract: This paper defines the notion of class discrepancy for families of functions. It shows that low discrepancy classes admit small offline and streaming coresets. We provide general techniques for bounding the class discrepancy of machine learning problems. As corollaries of the general technique we bound the discrepancy (and therefore coreset complexity) of logistic regression, sigmoid activation loss, matrix covariance, kernel density and any analytic function of the dot product or the squared distance. Our results prove the existence of epsilon-approximation O(sqrt{d}/epsilon) sized coresets for the above problems. This resolves the long-standing open problem regarding the coreset complexity of Gaussian kernel density estimation. We provide two more related but independent results. First, an exponential improvement of the widely used merge-and-reduce trick which gives improved streaming sketches for any low discrepancy problem. Second, an extremely simple deterministic algorithm for finding low discrepancy sequences (and therefore coresets) for any positive semi-definite kernel. This paper establishes some explicit connections between class discrepancy, coreset complexity, learnability, and streaming algorithms. 

038__ Position-aware Graph Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.04817
Author: Jiaxuan You
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04817
 Abstract: Learning node embeddings that capture a node's position within the broader graph structure is crucial for many prediction tasks on graphs. However, existing Graph Neural Network (GNN) architectures have limited power in capturing the position/location of a given node with respect to all other nodes of the graph. Here we propose Position-aware Graph Neural Networks (P-GNNs), a new class of GNNs for computing position-aware node embeddings. P-GNN first samples sets of anchor nodes, computes the distance of a given target node to each anchor-set,and then learns a non-linear distance-weighted aggregation scheme over the anchor-sets. This way P-GNNs can capture positions/locations of nodes with respect to the anchor nodes. P-GNNs have several advantages: they are inductive, scalable,and can incorporate node feature information. We apply P-GNNs to multiple prediction tasks including link prediction and community detection. We show that P-GNNs consistently outperform state of the art GNNs, with up to 66% improvement in terms of the ROC AUC score. 

039__ Towards Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Limit Order Book Dynamics__arXiv:1906.04813
Author: Jacobo Roa-Vicens
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04813
 Abstract: Multi-agent learning is a promising method to simulate aggregate competitive behaviour in finance. Learning expert agents' reward functions through their external demonstrations is hence particularly relevant for subsequent design of realistic agent-based simulations. Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL) aims at acquiring such reward functions through inference, allowing to generalize the resulting policy to states not observed in the past. This paper investigates whether IRL can infer such rewards from agents within real financial stochastic environments: limit order books (LOB). We introduce a simple one-level LOB, where the interactions of a number of stochastic agents and an expert trading agent are modelled as a Markov decision process. We consider two cases for the expert's reward: either a simple linear function of state features; or a complex, more realistic non-linear function. Given the expert agent's demonstrations, we attempt to discover their strategy by modelling their latent reward function using linear and Gaussian process (GP) regressors from previous literature, and our own approach through Bayesian neural networks (BNN). While the three methods can learn the linear case, only the GP-based and our proposed BNN methods are able to discover the non-linear reward case. Our BNN IRL algorithm outperforms the other two approaches as the number of samples increases. These results illustrate that complex behaviours, induced by non-linear reward functions amid agent-based stochastic scenarios, can be deduced through inference, encouraging the use of inverse reinforcement learning for opponent-modelling in multi-agent systems. 

040__ Fully Quantizing Networks for Multiply-Free  Inference__arXiv:1906.04798
Author: Michele Covell
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04798
 Abstract: In this work, we propose to quantize all parts of standard classification networks and replace the activation-weight--multiply step with a simple table-based lookup. This approach results in networks that are free of floating-point operations and free of multiplications, suitable for direct FPGA and ASIC implementations. It also provides us with two simple measures of per-layer and network-wide compactness as well as insight into the distribution characteristics of activationoutput and weight values. We run controlled studies across different quantization schemes, both fixed and adaptive and, within the set of adaptive approaches, both parametric and model-free. We implement our approach to quantization with minimal, localized changes to the training process, allowing us to benefit from advances in training continuous-valued network architectures. We apply our approach successfully to AlexNet, ResNet, and MobileNet. We show results that are within 1.6% of the reported, non-quantized performance on MobileNet using only 40 entries in our table. This performance gap narrows to zero when we allow tables with 320 entries. Our results give the best accuracies among multiply-free networks. 

041__ Power Gradient Descent__arXiv:1906.04787
Author: Marco Baiesi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04787
 Abstract: The development of machine learning is promoting the search for fast and stable minimization algorithms. To this end, we suggest a change in the current gradient descent methods that should speed up the motion in flat regions and slow it down in steep directions of the function to minimize. It is based on a "power gradient", in which each component of the gradient is replaced by its versus-preserving $H$-th power, with $0<H<1$. We test three modern gradient descent methods fed by such variant and by standard gradients, finding the new version to achieve significantly better performances for the Nesterov accelerated gradient and AMSGrad. We also propose an effective new take on the ADAM algorithm, which includes power gradients with varying $H$. 

042__ Stability of Graph Scattering Transforms__arXiv:1906.04784
Author: Fernando Gama
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04784
 Abstract: Scattering transforms are non-trainable deep convolutional architectures that exploit the multi-scale resolution of a wavelet filter bank to obtain an appropriate representation of data. More importantly, they are proven invariant to translations, and stable to perturbations that are close to translations. This stability property dons the scattering transform with a robustness to small changes in the metric domain of the data. When considering network data, regular convolutions do not hold since the data domain presents an irregular structure given by the network topology. In this work, we extend scattering transforms to network data by using multiresolution graph wavelets, whose computation can be obtained by means of graph convolutions. Furthermore, we prove that the resulting graph scattering transforms are stable to metric perturbations of the underlying network. This renders graph scattering transforms robust to changes on the network topology, making it particularly useful for cases of transfer learning, topology estimation or time-varying graphs. 

043__ a discussion__arXiv:1906.04774
Author: Thibault Laugel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04774
 Abstract: Counterfactual post-hoc interpretability approaches have been proven to be useful tools to generate explanations for the predictions of a trained blackbox classifier. However, the assumptions they make about the data and the classifier make them unreliable in many contexts. In this paper, we discuss three desirable properties and approaches to quantify them: proximity, connectedness and stability. In addition, we illustrate that there is a risk for post-hoc counterfactual approaches to not satisfy these properties. 

044__ Deep 2FBSDEs for Systems with Control Multiplicative Noise__arXiv:1906.04762
Author: Ziyi Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04762
 Abstract: We present a deep recurrent neural network architecture to solve a class of stochastic optimal control problems described by fully nonlinear Hamilton Jacobi Bellman partial differential equations. Such PDEs arise when one considers stochastic dynamics characterized by uncertainties that are additive and control multiplicative. Stochastic models with the aforementioned characteristics have been used in computational neuroscience, biology and aerospace systems and provide a more accurate representation of actuation than models with additive uncertainty. Previous literature has established the inadequacy of the linear HJB theory and and instead rely on a non-linear Feynman-Kac lemma resulting in a second order forward-backward stochastic differential equations representation. However, the proposed solutions that use this representation suffer from compounding errors and computational complexity leading to lack of scalability. In this paper, we propose a deep learning based algorithm that leverages the second order Forward-Bacward SDE representation along with importance sampling and LSTM based recurrent neural networks to not only solve such Stochastic Optimal Control problems but also overcome the problems faced by previous approaches and scales well to high dimensional systems. The resulting control algorithm is tested on three non-linear systems to demonstrate feasibility and out-performance against previous methods. 

045__ Dealing with Non-Stationarity in Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1906.04737
Author: Georgios Papoudakis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04737
 Abstract: Recent developments in deep reinforcement learning are concerned with creating decision-making agents which can perform well in various complex domains. A particular approach which has received increasing attention is multi-agent reinforcement learning, in which multiple agents learn concurrently to coordinate their actions. In such multi-agent environments, additional learning problems arise due to the continually changing decision-making policies of agents. This paper surveys recent works that address the non-stationarity problem in multi-agent deep reinforcement learning. The surveyed methods range from modifications in the training procedure, such as centralized training, to learning representations of the opponent's policy, meta-learning, communication, and decentralized learning. The survey concludes with a list of open problems and possible lines of future research. 

046__ Improving Reproducible Deep Learning Workflows with DeepDIVA__arXiv:1906.04736
Author: Michele Alberti
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04736
 Abstract: The field of deep learning is experiencing a trend towards producing reproducible research. Nevertheless, it is still often a frustrating experience to reproduce scientific results. This is especially true in the machine learning community, where it is considered acceptable to have black boxes in your experiments. We present DeepDIVA, a framework designed to facilitate easy experimentation and their reproduction. This framework allows researchers to share their experiments with others, while providing functionality that allows for easy experimentation, such as: boilerplate code, experiment management, hyper-parameter optimization, verification of data integrity and visualization of data and results. Additionally, the code of DeepDIVA is well-documented and supported by several tutorials that allow a new user to quickly familiarize themselves with the framework. 

047__ Incremental Classifier Learning Based on PEDCC-Loss and Cosine Distance__arXiv:1906.04734
Author: Qiuyu Zhu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04734
 Abstract: The main purpose of incremental learning is to learn new knowledge while not forgetting the knowledge which have been learned before. At present, the main challenge in this area is the catastrophe forgetting, namely the network will lose their performance in the old tasks after training for new tasks. In this paper, we introduce an ensemble method of incremental classifier to alleviate this problem, which is based on the cosine distance between the output feature and the pre-defined center, and can let each task to be preserved in different networks. During training, we make use of PEDCC-Loss to train the CNN network. In the stage of testing, the prediction is determined by the cosine distance between the network latent features and pre-defined center. The experimental results on EMINST and CIFAR100 show that our method outperforms the recent LwF method, which use the knowledge distillation, and iCaRL method, which keep some old samples while training for new task. The method can achieve the goal of not forgetting old knowledge while training new classes, and solve the problem of catastrophic forgetting better. 

048__ Behavior-Agnostic Estimation of Discounted Stationary  Distribution Corrections__arXiv:1906.04733
Author: Ofir Nachum
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04733
 Abstract: In many real-world reinforcement learning applications, access to the environment is limited to a fixed dataset, instead of direct (online) interaction with the environment. When using this data for either evaluation or training of a new policy, accurate estimates of discounted stationary distribution ratios -- correction terms which quantify the likelihood that the new policy will experience a certain state-action pair normalized by the probability with which the state-action pair appears in the dataset -- can improve accuracy and performance. In this work, we propose an algorithm, DualDICE, for estimating these quantities. In contrast to previous approaches, our algorithm is agnostic to knowledge of the behavior policy (or policies) used to generate the dataset. Furthermore, it eschews any direct use of importance weights, thus avoiding potential optimization instabilities endemic of previous methods. In addition to providing theoretical guarantees, we present an empirical study of our algorithm applied to off-policy policy evaluation and find that our algorithm significantly improves accuracy compared to existing techniques. 

049__ A Combination of Temporal Sequence Learning and Data Description for  Anomaly-based NIDS__arXiv:1906.05277
Author: Nguyen Thanh Van
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05277
 Abstract: Through continuous observation and modeling of normal behavior in networks, Anomaly-based Network Intrusion Detection System (A-NIDS) offers a way to find possible threats via deviation from the normal model. The analysis of network traffic based on the time series model has the advantage of exploiting the relationship between packages within network traffic and observing trends of behaviors over a period of time. It will generate new sequences with good features that support anomaly detection in network traffic and provide the ability to detect new attacks. Besides, an anomaly detection technique, which focuses on the normal data and aims to build a description of it, will be an effective technique for anomaly detection in imbalanced data. In this paper, we propose a combination model of Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) architecture for processing time series and a data description Support Vector Data Description (SVDD) for anomaly detection in A-NIDS to obtain the advantages of them. This model helps parameters in LSTM and SVDD are jointly trained with the joint optimization method. Our experimental results with KDD99 dataset show that the proposed combined model obtains high performance in intrusion detection, especially DoS and Probe attacks with 98.0% and 99.8%, respectively. 

050__ Conditional Natural Language Generation with a Scratchpad  Mechanism__arXiv:1906.05275
Author: Ryan Y. Benmalek
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05275
 Abstract: We introduce the Scratchpad Mechanism, a novel addition to the sequence-to-sequence (seq2seq) neural network architecture and demonstrate its effectiveness in improving the overall fluency of seq2seq models for natural language generation tasks. By enabling the decoder at each time step to write to all of the encoder output layers, Scratchpad can employ the encoder as a "scratchpad" memory to keep track of what has been generated so far and thereby guide future generation. We evaluate Scratchpad in the context of three well-studied natural language generation tasks --- Machine Translation, Question Generation, and Text Summarization --- and obtain state-of-the-art or comparable performance on standard datasets for each task. Qualitative assessments in the form of human judgements (question generation), attention visualization (MT), and sample output (summarization) provide further evidence of the ability of Scratchpad to generate fluent and expressive output. 

051__ Critical Point Finding with Newton-MR by Analogy to Computing Square  Roots__arXiv:1906.05273
Author: Charles G Frye
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05273
 Abstract: Understanding of the behavior of algorithms for resolving the optimization problem (hereafter shortened to OP) of optimizing a differentiable loss function (OP1), is enhanced by knowledge of the critical points of that loss function, i.e. the points where the gradient is 0. Here, we describe a solution to the problem of finding critical points by proposing and solving three optimization problems: 1) minimizing the norm of the gradient (OP2), 2) minimizing the difference between the pre-conditioned update direction and the gradient (OP3), and 3) minimizing the norm of the gradient along the update direction (OP4). The result is a recently-introduced algorithm for optimizing invex functions, Newton-MR, which turns out to be highly effective at the problem of finding the critical points of the loss surfaces of neural networks. We precede this derivation with an analogous, but simpler, derivation of the nested-optimization algorithm for computing square roots by combining Heron's Method with Newton-Raphson division. 

052__ Presence-Only Geographical Priors for Fine-Grained Image Classification__arXiv:1906.05272
Author: Oisin Mac Aodha
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05272
 Abstract: Appearance information alone is often not sufficient to accurately differentiate between fine-grained visual categories. Human experts make use of additional cues such as where, and when, a given image was taken in order to inform their final decision. This contextual information is readily available in many online image collections but has been underutilized by existing image classifiers that focus solely on making predictions based on the image contents. We propose an efficient spatio-temporal prior, that when conditioned on a geographical location and time, estimates the probability that a given object category occurs at that location. Our prior is trained from presence-only observation data and jointly models object categories, their spatio-temporal distributions, and photographer biases. Experiments performed on multiple challenging image classification datasets show that combining our prior with the predictions from image classifiers results in a large improvement in final classification performance. 

053__ Bridging Planning and Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1906.05253
Author: Benjamin Eysenbach
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05253
 Abstract: The history of learning for control has been an exciting back and forth between two broad classes of algorithms: planning and reinforcement learning. Planning algorithms effectively reason over long horizons, but assume access to a local policy and distance metric over collision-free paths. Reinforcement learning excels at learning policies and the relative values of states, but fails to plan over long horizons. Despite the successes of each method in various domains, tasks that require reasoning over long horizons with limited feedback and high-dimensional observations remain exceedingly challenging for both planning and reinforcement learning algorithms. Frustratingly, these sorts of tasks are potentially the most useful, as they are simple to design (a human only need to provide an example goal state) and avoid reward shaping, which can bias the agent towards finding a sub-optimal solution. We introduce a general control algorithm that combines the strengths of planning and reinforcement learning to effectively solve these tasks. Our aim is to decompose the task of reaching a distant goal state into a sequence of easier tasks, each of which corresponds to reaching a subgoal. Planning algorithms can automatically find these waypoints, but only if provided with suitable abstractions of the environment -- namely, a graph consisting of nodes and edges. Our main insight is that this graph can be constructed via reinforcement learning, where a goal-conditioned value function provides edge weights, and nodes are taken to be previously seen observations in a replay buffer. Using graph search over our replay buffer, we can automatically generate this sequence of subgoals, even in image-based environments. Our algorithm, search on the replay buffer (SoRB), enables agents to solve sparse reward tasks over one hundred steps, and generalizes substantially better than standard RL algorithms. 

054__ Compressed Sensing MRI via a Multi-scale Dilated Residual Convolution  Network__arXiv:1906.05251
Author: Yuxiang Dai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05251
 Abstract: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction is an active inverse problem which can be addressed by conventional compressed sensing (CS) MRI algorithms that exploit the sparse nature of MRI in an iterative optimization-based manner. However, two main drawbacks of iterative optimization-based CSMRI methods are time-consuming and are limited in model capacity. Meanwhile, one main challenge for recent deep learning-based CSMRI is the trade-off between model performance and network size. To address the above issues, we develop a new multi-scale dilated network for MRI reconstruction with high speed and outstanding performance. Comparing to convolutional kernels with same receptive fields, dilated convolutions reduce network parameters with smaller kernels and expand receptive fields of kernels to obtain almost same information. To maintain the abundance of features, we present global and local residual learnings to extract more image edges and details. Then we utilize concatenation layers to fuse multi-scale features and residual learnings for better reconstruction. Compared with several non-deep and deep learning CSMRI algorithms, the proposed method yields better reconstruction accuracy and noticeable visual improvements. In addition, we perform the noisy setting to verify the model stability, and then extend the proposed model on a MRI super-resolution task. 

055__ Bootstrapping Upper Confidence Bound__arXiv:1906.05247
Author: Botao Hao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05247
 Abstract: Upper Confidence Bound (UCB) method is arguably the most celebrated one used in online decision making with partial information feedback. Existing techniques for constructing confidence bounds are typically built upon various concentration inequalities, which thus lead to over-exploration. In this paper, we propose a non-parametric and data-dependent UCB algorithm based on the multiplier bootstrap. To improve its finite sample performance, we further incorporate second-order correction into the above construction. In theory, we derive both problem-dependent and problem-independent regret bounds for multi-armed bandits under a much weaker tail assumption than the standard sub-Gaussianity. Numerical results demonstrate significant regret reductions by our method, in comparison with several baselines in a range of multi-armed and linear bandit problems. 

056__ Reinforcement Knowledge Graph Reasoning for Explainable Recommendation__arXiv:1906.05237
Author: Yikun Xian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05237
 Abstract: Recent advances in personalized recommendation have sparked great interest in the exploitation of rich structured information provided by knowledge graphs. Unlike most existing approaches that only focus on leveraging knowledge graphs for more accurate recommendation, we perform explicit reasoning with knowledge for decision making so that the recommendations are generated and supported by an interpretable causal inference procedure. To this end, we propose a method called Policy-Guided Path Reasoning (PGPR), which couples recommendation and interpretability by providing actual paths in a knowledge graph. Our contributions include four aspects. We first highlight the significance of incorporating knowledge graphs into recommendation to formally define and interpret the reasoning process. Second, we propose a reinforcement learning (RL) approach featuring an innovative soft reward strategy, user-conditional action pruning and a multi-hop scoring function. Third, we design a policy-guided graph search algorithm to efficiently and effectively sample reasoning paths for recommendation. Finally, we extensively evaluate our method on several large-scale real-world benchmark datasets, obtaining favorable results compared with state-of-the-art methods. 

057__ Continual and Multi-Task Architecture Search__arXiv:1906.05226
Author: Ramakanth Pasunuru
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05226
 Abstract: Architecture search is the process of automatically learning the neural model or cell structure that best suits the given task. Recently, this approach has shown promising performance improvements (on language modeling and image classification) with reasonable training speed, using a weight sharing strategy called Efficient Neural Architecture Search (ENAS). In our work, we first introduce a novel continual architecture search (CAS) approach, so as to continually evolve the model parameters during the sequential training of several tasks, without losing performance on previously learned tasks (via block-sparsity and orthogonality constraints), thus enabling life-long learning. Next, we explore a multi-task architecture search (MAS) approach over ENAS for finding a unified, single cell structure that performs well across multiple tasks (via joint controller rewards), and hence allows more generalizable transfer of the cell structure knowledge to an unseen new task. We empirically show the effectiveness of our sequential continual learning and parallel multi-task learning based architecture search approaches on diverse sentence-pair classification tasks (GLUE) and multimodal-generation based video captioning tasks. Further, we present several ablations and analyses on the learned cell structures. 

058__ Sorted Top-k in Rounds__arXiv:1906.05208
Author: Mark Braverman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05208
 Abstract: We consider the sorted top-$k$ problem whose goal is to recover the top-$k$ items with the correct order out of $n$ items using pairwise comparisons. In many applications, multiple rounds of interaction can be costly. We restrict our attention to algorithms with a constant number of rounds $r$ and try to minimize the sample complexity, i.e. the number of comparisons. When the comparisons are noiseless, we characterize how the optimal sample complexity depends on the number of rounds (up to a polylogarithmic factor for general $r$ and up to a constant factor for $r=1$ or 2). In particular, the sample complexity is $\Theta(n^2)$ for $r=1$, $\Theta(n\sqrt{k} + n^{4/3})$ for $r=2$ and $\tilde{\Theta}\left(n^{2/r} k^{(r-1)/r} + n\right)$ for $r \geq 3$. We extend our results of sorted top-$k$ to the noisy case where each comparison is correct with probability $2/3$. When $r=1$ or 2, we show that the sample complexity gets an extra $\Theta(\log(k))$ factor when we transition from the noiseless case to the noisy case. We also prove new results for top-$k$ and sorting in the noisy case. We believe our techniques can be generally useful for understanding the trade-off between round complexities and sample complexities of rank aggregation problems. 

059__ Task Agnostic Continual Learning via Meta Learning__arXiv:1906.05201
Author: Xu He
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05201
 Abstract: While neural networks are powerful function approximators, they suffer from catastrophic forgetting when the data distribution is not stationary. One particular formalism that studies learning under non-stationary distribution is provided by continual learning, where the non-stationarity is imposed by a sequence of distinct tasks. Most methods in this space assume, however, the knowledge of task boundaries, and focus on alleviating catastrophic forgetting. In this work, we depart from this view and move the focus towards faster remembering -- i.e measuring how quickly the network recovers performance rather than measuring the network's performance without any adaptation. We argue that in many settings this can be more effective and that it opens the door to combining meta-learning and continual learning techniques, leveraging their complementary advantages. We propose a framework specific for the scenario where no information about task boundaries or task identity is given. It relies on a separation of concerns into what task is being solved and how the task should be solved. This framework is implemented by differentiating task specific parameters from task agnostic parameters, where the latter are optimized in a continual meta learning fashion, without access to multiple tasks at the same time. We showcase this framework in a supervised learning scenario and discuss the implication of the proposed formalism. 

060__ Boosting Few-Shot Visual Learning with Self-Supervision__arXiv:1906.05186
Author: Spyros Gidaris
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05186
 Abstract: Few-shot learning and self-supervised learning address different facets of the same problem: how to train a model with little or no labeled data. Few-shot learning aims for optimization methods and models that can learn efficiently to recognize patterns in the low data regime. Self-supervised learning focuses instead on unlabeled data and looks into it for the supervisory signal to feed high capacity deep neural networks. In this work we exploit the complementarity of these two domains and propose an approach for improving few-shot learning through self-supervision. We use self-supervision as an auxiliary task in a few-shot learning pipeline, enabling feature extractors to learn richer and more transferable visual representations while still using few annotated samples. Through self-supervision, our approach can be naturally extended towards using diverse unlabeled data from other datasets in the few-shot setting. We report consistent improvements across an array of architectures, datasets and self-supervision techniques. 

061__ An Application in EGFR Inhibitors__arXiv:1906.05168
Author: Huy Ngoc Pham
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05168
 Abstract: Machine learning and deep learning have gained popularity and achieved immense success in Drug discovery in recent decades. Historically, machine learning and deep learning models were trained on either structural data or chemical properties by separated model. In this study, we proposed an architecture training simultaneously both type of data in order to improve the overall performance. Given the molecular structure in the form of SMILES notation and their label, we generated the SMILES-based feature matrix and molecular descriptors. These data was trained on an deep learning model which was also integrated with the Attention mechanism to facilitate training and interpreting. Experiments showed that our model could raise the performance of model. With the maximum MCC 0.56 and AUC 91% by cross-validation on EGFR inhibitors dataset, our architecture was outperforming the referring model. We also successfully integrated Attention mechanism into our model, which helped to interpret the contribution of chemical structures on bioactivity. 

062__ Evaluation of Dataflow through layers of Deep Neural Networks in  Classification and Regression Problems__arXiv:1906.05156
Author: Ahmad Kalhor
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05156
 Abstract: This paper introduces two straightforward, effective indices to evaluate the input data and the data flowing through layers of a feedforward deep neural network. For classification problems, the separation rate of target labels in the space of dataflow is explained as a key factor indicating the performance of designed layers in improving the generalization of the network. According to the explained concept, a shapeless distance-based evaluation index is proposed. Similarly, for regression problems, the smoothness rate of target outputs in the space of dataflow is explained as a key factor indicating the performance of designed layers in improving the generalization of the network. According to the explained smoothness concept, a shapeless distance-based smoothness index is proposed for regression problems. To consider more strictly concepts of separation and smoothness, their extended versions are introduced, and by interpreting a regression problem as a classification problem, it is shown that the separation and smoothness indices are related together. Through four case studies, the profits of using the introduced indices are shown. In the first case study, for classification and regression problems , the challenging of some known input datasets are compared respectively by the proposed separation and smoothness indices. In the second case study, the quality of dataflow is evaluated through layers of two pre-trained VGG 16 networks in classification of Cifar10 and Cifar100. In the third case study, it is shown that the correct classification rate and the separation index are almost equivalent through layers particularly while the serration index is increased. In the last case study, two multi-layer neural networks, which are designed for the prediction of Boston Housing price, are compared layer by layer by using the proposed smoothness index. 

063__ Secure Federated Matrix Factorization__arXiv:1906.05108
Author: Di Chai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05108
 Abstract: To protect user privacy and meet law regulations, federated (machine) learning is obtaining vast interests in recent years. The key principle of federated learning is training a machine learning model without needing to know each user's personal raw private data. In this paper, we propose a secure matrix factorization framework under the federated learning setting, called FedMF. First, we design a user-level distributed matrix factorization framework where the model can be learned when each user only uploads the gradient information (instead of the raw preference data) to the server. While gradient information seems secure, we prove that it could still leak users' raw data. To this end, we enhance the distributed matrix factorization framework with homomorphic encryption. We implement the prototype of FedMF and test it with a real movie rating dataset. Results verify the feasibility of FedMF. We also discuss the challenges for applying FedMF in practice for future research. error here, check on website.

065__ Deep Smoothing of the Implied Volatility Surface__arXiv:1906.05065
Author: Damien Ackerer
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05065
 Abstract: We present an artificial neural network (ANN) approach to value financial derivatives. Atypically to standard ANN applications, practitioners equally use option pricing models to validate market prices and to infer unobserved prices. Importantly, models need to generate realistic arbitrage-free prices, meaning that no option portfolio can lead to risk-free profits. The absence of arbitrage opportunities is guaranteed by penalizing the loss using soft constraints on an extended grid of input values. ANNs can be pre-trained by first calibrating a standard option pricing model, and then training an ANN to a larger synthetic dataset generated from the calibrated model. The parameters transfer as well as the non-arbitrage constraints appear to be particularly useful when only sparse or erroneous data are available. We also explore how deeper ANNs improve over shallower ones, as well as other properties of the network architecture. We benchmark our method against standard option pricing models, such as Heston with and without jumps. We validate our method both on training sets, and testing sets, namely, highlighting both their capacity to reproduce observed prices and predict new ones. 

066__ Unified Semantic Parsing with Weak Supervision__arXiv:1906.05062
Author: Priyanka Agrawal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05062
 Abstract: Semantic parsing over multiple knowledge bases enables a parser to exploit structural similarities of programs across the multiple domains. However, the fundamental challenge lies in obtaining high-quality annotations of (utterance, program) pairs across various domains needed for training such models. To overcome this, we propose a novel framework to build a unified multi-domain enabled semantic parser trained only with weak supervision (denotations). Weakly supervised training is particularly arduous as the program search space grows exponentially in a multi-domain setting. To solve this, we incorporate a multi-policy distillation mechanism in which we first train domain-specific semantic parsers (teachers) using weak supervision in the absence of the ground truth programs, followed by training a single unified parser (student) from the domain specific policies obtained from these teachers. The resultant semantic parser is not only compact but also generalizes better, and generates more accurate programs. It further does not require the user to provide a domain label while querying. On the standard Overnight dataset (containing multiple domains), we demonstrate that the proposed model improves performance by 20% in terms of denotation accuracy in comparison to baseline techniques. 

067__ Real-time Attention Based Look-alike Model for Recommender System__arXiv:1906.05022
Author: Yudan Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.05022
 Abstract: Recently, deep learning models play more and more important roles in contents recommender systems. However, although the performance of recommendations is greatly improved, the "Matthew effect" becomes increasingly evident. While the head contents get more and more popular, many competitive long-tail contents are difficult to achieve timely exposure because of lacking behavior features. This issue has badly impacted the quality and diversity of recommendations. To solve this problem, look-alike algorithm is a good choice to extend audience for high quality long-tail contents. But the traditional look-alike models which widely used in online advertising are not suitable for recommender systems because of the strict requirement of both real-time and effectiveness. This paper introduces a real-time attention based look-alike model (RALM) for recommender systems, which tackles the challenge of conflict between real-time and effectiveness. RALM realizes real-time look-alike audience extension benefiting from seeds-to-user similarity prediction and improves the effectiveness through optimizing user representation learning and look-alike learning modeling. For user representation learning, we propose a novel neural network structure named attention merge layer to replace the concatenation layer, which significantly improves the expressive ability of multi-fields feature learning. On the other hand, considering the various members of seeds, we design global attention unit and local attention unit to learn robust and adaptive seeds representation with respect to a certain target user. At last, we introduce seeds clustering mechanism which not only reduces the time complexity of attention units prediction but also minimizes the loss of seeds information at the same time. According to our experiments, RALM shows superior effectiveness and performance than popular look-alike models. 

068__ Unsupervised Question Answering by Cloze Translation__arXiv:1906.04980
Author: Patrick Lewis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04980
 Abstract: Obtaining training data for Question Answering (QA) is time-consuming and resource-intensive, and existing QA datasets are only available for limited domains and languages. In this work, we explore to what extent high quality training data is actually required for Extractive QA, and investigate the possibility of unsupervised Extractive QA. We approach this problem by first learning to generate context, question and answer triples in an unsupervised manner, which we then use to synthesize Extractive QA training data automatically. To generate such triples, we first sample random context paragraphs from a large corpus of documents and then random noun phrases or named entity mentions from these paragraphs as answers. Next we convert answers in context to "fill-in-the-blank" cloze questions and finally translate them into natural questions. We propose and compare various unsupervised ways to perform cloze-to-natural question translation, including training an unsupervised NMT model using non-aligned corpora of natural questions and cloze questions as well as a rule-based approach. We find that modern QA models can learn to answer human questions surprisingly well using only synthetic training data. We demonstrate that, without using the SQuAD training data at all, our approach achieves 56.4 F1 on SQuAD v1 (64.5 F1 when the answer is a Named entity mention), outperforming early supervised models. 

069__ Boosting the Learning Power of Deep Convolutional Neural  Networks with Elementwise Square Operators__arXiv:1906.04979
Author: Sheng Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04979
 Abstract: Modern neural network modules which can significantly enhance the learning power usually add too much computational complexity to the original neural networks. In this paper, we pursue very efficient neural network modules which can significantly boost the learning power of deep convolutional neural networks with negligible extra computational cost. We first present both theoretically and experimentally that elementwise square operator has a potential to enhance the learning power of neural networks. Then, we design four types of lightweight modules with elementwise square operators, named as Square-Pooling, Square-Softmin, Square-Excitation, and Square-Encoding. We add our four lightweight modules to Resnet18, Resnet50, and ShuffleNetV2 for better performance in the experiment on ImageNet 2012 dataset. The experimental results show that our modules can bring significant accuracy improvements to the base convolutional neural network models. The performance of our lightweight modules is even comparable to many complicated modules such as bilinear pooling, Squeeze-and-Excitation, and Gather-Excite. Our highly efficient modules are particularly suitable for mobile models. For example, when equipped with a single Square-Pooling module, the top-1 classification accuracy of ShuffleNetV2-0.5x on ImageNet 2012 is absolutely improved by 1.45% with no additional parameters and negligible inference time overhead. 

070__ A Structured Learning Approach to Temporal Relation Extraction__arXiv:1906.04943
Author: Qiang Ning
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04943
 Abstract: Identifying temporal relations between events is an essential step towards natural language understanding. However, the temporal relation between two events in a story depends on, and is often dictated by, relations among other events. Consequently, effectively identifying temporal relations between events is a challenging problem even for human annotators. This paper suggests that it is important to take these dependencies into account while learning to identify these relations and proposes a structured learning approach to address this challenge. As a byproduct, this provides a new perspective on handling missing relations, a known issue that hurts existing methods. As we show, the proposed approach results in significant improvements on the two commonly used data sets for this problem. 

071__ Relative Hausdorff Distance for Network Analysis__arXiv:1906.04936
Author: Sinan G. Aksoy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04936
 Abstract: Similarity measures are used extensively in machine learning and data science algorithms. The newly proposed graph Relative Hausdorff (RH) distance is a lightweight yet nuanced similarity measure for quantifying the closeness of two graphs. In this work we study the effectiveness of RH distance as a tool for detecting anomalies in time-evolving graph sequences. We apply RH to cyber data with given red team events, as well to synthetically generated sequences of graphs with planted attacks. In our experiments, the performance of RH distance is at times comparable, and sometimes superior, to graph edit distance in detecting anomalous phenomena. Our results suggest that in appropriate contexts, RH distance has advantages over more computationally intensive similarity measures. 

072__ A Domain Adaptation Approach__arXiv:1906.04934
Author: Ziheng Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04934
 Abstract: Providing an accurate and efficient assessment of operative difficulty is important for designing robot-assisted teleoperation interfaces that are easy and natural for human operators to use. In this paper, we aim to develop a data-driven approach to numerically characterize the operative difficulty demand of complex teleoperation. In effort to provide an entirely task-independent assessment, we consider using only data collected from the human user including: (1) physiological response, and (2) movement kinematics. By leveraging an unsupervised domain adaptation technique, our approach learns the user information that defines task difficulty in a well-known source, namely, a Fitt's target reaching task, and generalizes that knowledge to a more complex human motor control scenario, namely, the teleoperation of a robotic system. Our approach consists of two main parts: (1) The first part accounts for the inherent variances of user physiological and kinematic response between these cross-domain motor control scenarios that are vastly different. (2) A stacked two-layer learner is designed to improve the overall modeling performance, yielding a 96.6% accuracy in predicting the known difficulty of a Fitts' reaching task when using movement kinematic features. We then validate the effectiveness of our model by investigating teleoperated robotic needle steering as a case study. Compared with a standard NASA TLX user survey, our results indicate significant differences in the difficulty demand for various choices of needle steering control algorithms, p<0.05, as well as the difficulty of steering the needle to different targets, p<0.05. The results highlight the potential of our approach to be used as a design tool to create more intuitive and natural teleoperation interfaces in robot-assisted systems. 

073__ From Fully Supervised to Zero Shot Settings for Twitter Hashtag  Recommendation__arXiv:1906.04914
Author: Abhay Kumar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04914
 Abstract: We propose a comprehensive end-to-end pipeline for Twitter hashtags recommendation system including data collection, supervised training setting and zero shot training setting. In the supervised training setting, we have proposed and compared the performance of various deep learning architectures, namely Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Transformer Network. However, it is not feasible to collect data for all possible hashtag labels and train a classifier model on them. To overcome this limitation, we propose a Zero Shot Learning (ZSL) paradigm for predicting unseen hashtag labels by learning the relationship between the semantic space of tweets and the embedding space of hashtag labels. We evaluated various state-of-the-art ZSL methods like Convex combination of Semantic Embedding (ConSE), Embarrassingly Simple Zero-Shot Learning (ESZSL) and Deep Embedding Model for Zero-Shot Learning (DEM-ZSL) for the hashtag recommendation task. We demonstrate the effectiveness and scalability of ZSL methods for the recommendation of unseen hashtags. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first quantitative evaluation of ZSL methods to date for unseen hashtags recommendations from tweet text. 

074__ Inferring 3D Shapes from Image Collections using Adversarial Networks__arXiv:1906.04910
Author: Matheus Gadelha
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04910
 Abstract: We investigate the problem of learning a probabilistic distribution over three-dimensional shapes given two-dimensional views of multiple objects taken from unknown viewpoints. Our approach called projective generative adversarial network (PrGAN) trains a deep generative model of 3D shapes whose projections (or renderings) match the distributions of the provided 2D distribution. The addition of a differentiable projection module allows us to infer the underlying 3D shape distribution without access to any explicit 3D or viewpoint annotation during the learning phase. We show that our approach produces 3D shapes of comparable quality to GANs trained directly on 3D data. %for a number of shape categoriesincluding chairs, airplanes, and cars. Experiments also show that the disentangled representation of 2D shapes into geometry and viewpoint leads to a good generative model of 2D shapes. The key advantage of our model is that it estimates 3D shape, viewpoint, and generates novel views from an input image in a completely unsupervised manner. We further investigate how the generative models can be improved if additional information such as depth, viewpoint or part segmentations is available at training time. To this end, we present new differentiable projection operators that can be used by PrGAN to learn better 3D generative models. Our experiments show that our method can successfully leverage extra visual cues to create more diverse and accurate shapes. 

075__ Improving Importance Weighted Auto-Encoders with Annealed Importance  Sampling__arXiv:1906.04904
Author: Xinqiang Ding
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04904
 Abstract: Stochastic variational inference with an amortized inference model and the reparameterization trick has become a widely-used algorithm for learning latent variable models. Increasing the flexibility of approximate posterior distributions while maintaining computational tractability is one of the core problems in stochastic variational inference. Two families of approaches proposed to address the problem are flow-based and multisample-based approaches such as importance weighted auto-encoders (IWAE). We introduce a new learning algorithm, the annealed importance weighted auto-encoder (AIWAE), for learning latent variable models. The proposed AIWAE combines multisample-based and flow-based approaches with the annealed importance sampling and its memory cost stays constant when the depth of flows increases. The flow constructed using an annealing process in AIWAE facilitates the exploration of the latent space when the posterior distribution has multiple modes. Through computational experiments, we show that, compared to models trained using the IWAE, AIWAE-trained models are better density models, have more complex posterior distributions and use more latent space representation capacity. 

076__ Hierarchical Taxonomy-Aware and Attentional Graph Capsule RCNNs for  Large-Scale Multi-Label Text Classification__arXiv:1906.04898
Author: Hao Peng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04898
 Abstract: CNNs, RNNs, GCNs, and CapsNets have shown significant insights in representation learning and are widely used in various text mining tasks such as large-scale multi-label text classification. However, most existing deep models for multi-label text classification consider either the non-consecutive and long-distance semantics or the sequential semantics, but how to consider them both coherently is less studied. In addition, most existing methods treat output labels as independent methods, but ignore the hierarchical relations among them, leading to useful semantic information loss. In this paper, we propose a novel hierarchical taxonomy-aware and attentional graph capsule recurrent CNNs framework for large-scale multi-label text classification. Specifically, we first propose to model each document as a word order preserved graph-of-words and normalize it as a corresponding words-matrix representation which preserves both the non-consecutive, long-distance and local sequential semantics. Then the words-matrix is input to the proposed attentional graph capsule recurrent CNNs for more effectively learning the semantic features. To leverage the hierarchical relations among the class labels, we propose a hierarchical taxonomy embedding method to learn their representations, and define a novel weighted margin loss by incorporating the label representation similarity. Extensive evaluations on three datasets show that our model significantly improves the performance of large-scale multi-label text classification by comparing with state-of-the-art approaches. 

077__ Compressive Hyperspherical Energy Minimization__arXiv:1906.04892
Author: Rongmei Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04892
 Abstract: Recent work on minimum hyperspherical energy (MHE) has demonstrated its potential in regularizing neural networks and improving their generalization. MHE was inspired by the Thomson problem in physics, where the distribution of multiple propelling electrons on a unit sphere can be modeled via minimizing some potential energy. Despite the practical effectiveness, MHE suffers from local minima as their number increases dramatically in high dimensions, limiting MHE from unleashing its full potential in improving network generalization. To address this issue, we propose compressive minimum hyperspherical energy (CoMHE) as an alternative regularization for neural networks. Specifically, CoMHE utilizes a projection mapping to reduce the dimensionality of neurons and minimizes their hyperspherical energy. According to different constructions for the projection matrix, we propose two major variants: random projection CoMHE and angle-preserving CoMHE. Furthermore, we provide theoretical insights to justify its effectiveness. We show that CoMHE consistently outperforms MHE by a significant margin in comprehensive experiments, and demonstrate its diverse applications to a variety of tasks such as image recognition and point cloud recognition. 

078__ Communication-Efficient Accurate Statistical Estimation__arXiv:1906.04870
Author: Jianqing Fan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04870
 Abstract: When the data are stored in a distributed manner, direct application of traditional statistical inference procedures is often prohibitive due to communication cost and privacy concerns. This paper develops and investigates two Communication-Efficient Accurate Statistical Estimators (CEASE), implemented through iterative algorithms for distributed optimization. In each iteration, node machines carry out computation in parallel and communicate with the central processor, which then broadcasts aggregated information to node machines for new updates. The algorithms adapt to the similarity among loss functions on node machines, and converge rapidly when each node machine has large enough sample size. Moreover, they do not require good initialization and enjoy linear converge guarantees under general conditions. The contraction rate of optimization errors is presented explicitly, with dependence on the local sample size unveiled. In addition, the improved statistical accuracy per iteration is derived. By regarding the proposed method as a multi-step statistical estimator, we show that statistical efficiency can be achieved in finite steps in typical statistical applications. In addition, we give the conditions under which the one-step CEASE estimator is statistically efficient. Extensive numerical experiments on both synthetic and real data validate the theoretical results and demonstrate the superior performance of our algorithms. 

079__ Task-Aware Deep Sampling for Feature Generation__arXiv:1906.04854
Author: Xin Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04854
 Abstract: The human ability to imagine the variety of appearances of novel objects based on past experience is crucial for quickly learning novel visual concepts based on few examples. Endowing machines with a similar ability to generate feature distributions for new visual concepts is key to sample-efficient model generalization. In this work, we propose a novel generator architecture suitable for feature generation in the zero-shot setting. We introduce task-aware deep sampling (TDS) which injects task-aware noise layer-by-layer in the generator, in contrast to existing shallow sampling (SS) schemes where random noise is only sampled once at the input layer of the generator. We propose a sample efficient learning model composed of a TDS generator, a discriminator and a classifier (e.g., a soft-max classifier). We find that our model achieves state-of-the-art results on the compositional zero-shot learning benchmarks as well as improving upon the established benchmarks in conventional zero-shot learning with a faster convergence rate. 

080__ Weakly-supervised Compositional FeatureAggregation for Few-shot  Recognition__arXiv:1906.04833
Author: Ping Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04833
 Abstract: Learning from a few examples is a challenging task for machine learning. While recent progress has been made for this problem, most of the existing methods ignore the compositionality in visual concept representation (e.g. objects are built from parts or composed of semantic attributes), which is key to the human ability to easily learn from a small number of examples. To enhance the few-shot learning models with compositionality, in this paper we present the simple yet powerful Compositional Feature Aggregation (CFA) module as a weakly-supervised regularization for deep networks. Given the deep feature maps extracted from the input, our CFA module first disentangles the feature space into disjoint semantic subspaces that model different attributes, and then bilinearly aggregates the local features within each of these subspaces. CFA explicitly regularizes the representation with both semantic and spatial compositionality to produce discriminative representations for few-shot recognition tasks. Moreover, our method does not need any supervision for attributes and object parts during training, thus can be conveniently plugged into existing models for end-to-end optimization while keeping the model size and computation cost nearly the same. Extensive experiments on few-shot image classification and action recognition tasks demonstrate that our method provides substantial improvements over recent state-of-the-art methods. 

081__ Adaptive Sample Selection for Training Acceleration__arXiv:1906.04819
Author: Shen-Yi Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04819
 Abstract: Stochastic gradient decent~(SGD) and its variants, including some accelerated variants, have become popular for training in machine learning. However, in all existing SGD and its variants, the sample size in each iteration~(epoch) of training is the same as the size of the full training set. In this paper, we propose a new method, called \underline{ada}ptive \underline{s}ample \underline{s}election~(ADASS), for training acceleration. During different epoches of training, ADASS only need to visit different training subsets which are adaptively selected from the full training set according to the Lipschitz constants of the loss functions on samples. It means that in ADASS the sample size in each epoch of training can be smaller than the size of the full training set, by discarding some samples. ADASS can be seamlessly integrated with existing optimization methods, such as SGD and momentum SGD, for training acceleration. Theoretical results show that the learning accuracy of ADASS is comparable to that of counterparts with full training set. Furthermore, empirical results on both shallow models and deep models also show that ADASS can accelerate the training process of existing methods without sacrificing accuracy. 

082__ Medium-Term Load Forecasting Using Support Vector Regression, Feature  Selection, and Symbiotic Organism Search Optimization__arXiv:1906.04818
Author: Arghavan Zare-Noghabi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04818
 Abstract: An accurate load forecasting has always been one of the main indispensable parts in the operation and planning of power systems. Among different time horizons of forecasting, while short-term load forecasting (STLF) and long-term load forecasting (LTLF) have respectively got benefits of accurate predictors and probabilistic forecasting, medium-term load forecasting (MTLF) demands more attention due to its vital role in power system operation and planning such as optimal scheduling of generation units, robust planning program for customer service, and economic supply. In this study, a hybrid method, composed of Support Vector Regression (SVR) and Symbiotic Organism Search Optimization (SOSO) method, is proposed for MTLF. In the proposed forecasting model, SVR is the main part of the forecasting algorithm while SOSO is embedded into it to optimize the parameters of SVR. In addition, a minimum redundancy-maximum relevance feature selection algorithm is used to in the preprocessing of input data. The proposed method is tested on EUNITE competition dataset to demonstrate its proper performance. Furthermore, it is compared with some previous works to show eligibility of our method. 

083__ Deep Forward-Backward SDEs for Min-max Control__arXiv:1906.04771
Author: Ziyi Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04771
 Abstract: This paper presents a novel approach to numerically solve stochastic differential games for nonlinear systems. The proposed approach relies on the nonlinear Feynman-Kac theorem that establishes a connection between parabolic deterministic partial differential equations and forward-backward stochastic differential equations. Using this theorem the Hamilton-Jacobi-Isaacs partial differential equation associated with differential games is represented by a system of forward-backward stochastic differential equations. Numerical solution of the aforementioned system of stochastic differential equations is performed using importance sampling and a Long-Short Term Memory recurrent neural network, which is trained in an offline fashion. The resulting algorithm is tested on two example systems in simulation and compared against the standard risk neutral stochastic optimal control formulations. 

084__ Trip Table Estimation and Prediction for Dynamic Traffic Assignment  Applications__arXiv:1906.04739
Author: Sajjad Shafiei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04739
 Abstract: The study focuses on estimating and predicting time-varying origin to destination (OD) trip tables for a dynamic traffic assignment (DTA) model. A bi-level optimisation problem is formulated and solved to estimate OD flows from pre-existent demand matrix and historical traffic flow counts. The estimated demand is then considered as an input for a time series OD demand prediction model to support the DTA model for short-term traffic condition forecasting. Results show a high capability of the proposed OD demand estimation method to reduce the DTA model error through an iterative solution algorithm. Moreover, the applicability of the OD demand prediction approach is investigated for an incident analysis application for a major corridor in Sydney, Australia. 

085__ On the Universality of Noiseless Linear Estimation with Respect to the  Measurement Matrix__arXiv:1906.04735
Author: Alia Abbara
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.04735
 Abstract: In a noiseless linear estimation problem, one aims to reconstruct a vector x* from the knowledge of its linear projections y=Phi x*. There have been many theoretical works concentrating on the case where the matrix Phi is a random i.i.d. one, but a number of heuristic evidence suggests that many of these results are universal and extend well beyond this restricted case. Here we revisit this problematic through the prism of development of message passing methods, and consider not only the universality of the l1 transition, as previously addressed, but also the one of the optimal Bayesian reconstruction. We observed that the universality extends to the Bayes-optimal minimum mean-squared (MMSE) error, and to a range of structured matrices. 