------------------------------
Thu, Jun 06  2019
------------------------------
81 new papers today.

001__ Stronger Multi-scale Deep Graph Convolutional  Networks__arXiv:1906.02174
Author: Sitao Luan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02174
 Abstract: Recently, neural network based approaches have achieved significant improvement for solving large, complex, graph-structured problems. However, their bottlenecks ] still need to be addressed, and the advantages of multi-scale information and deep architectures have not been sufficiently exploited. In this paper, we theoretically analyze how existing Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) have limited expressive power due to the constraint of the activation functions and their architectures. We generalize spectral graph convolution and deep GCN in block Krylov subspace forms and devise two architectures, both with the potential to be scaled deeper but each making use of the multi-scale information in different ways. We further show that the equivalence of these two architectures can be established under certain conditions. On several node classification tasks, with or without the help of validation, the two new architectures achieve better performance compared to many state-of-the-art methods. 

002__ Estimating Feature-Label Dependence Using Gini Distance Statistics__arXiv:1906.02171
Author: Silu Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02171
 Abstract: Identifying statistical dependence between the features and the label is a fundamental problem in supervised learning. This paper presents a framework for estimating dependence between numerical features and a categorical label using generalized Gini distance, an energy distance in reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces (RKHS). Two Gini distance based dependence measures are explored: Gini distance covariance and Gini distance correlation. Unlike Pearson covariance and correlation, which do not characterize independence, the above Gini distance based measures define dependence as well as independence of random variables. The test statistics are simple to calculate and do not require probability density estimation. Uniform convergence bounds and asymptotic bounds are derived for the test statistics. Comparisons with distance covariance statistics are provided. It is shown that Gini distance statistics converge faster than distance covariance statistics in the uniform convergence bounds, hence tighter upper bounds on both Type I and Type II errors. Moreover, the probability of Gini distance covariance statistic under-performing the distance covariance statistic in Type II error decreases to 0 exponentially with the increase of the sample size. Extensive experimental results are presented to demonstrate the performance of the proposed method. 

003__ A systematic framework for natural perturbations from videos__arXiv:1906.02168
Author: Vaishaal Shankar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02168
 Abstract: We introduce a systematic framework for quantifying the robustness of classifiers to naturally occurring perturbations of images found in videos. As part of this framework, we construct Imagenet-Video-Robust, a human-expert--reviewed dataset of 22,178 images grouped into 1,109 sets of perceptually similar images derived from frames in the ImageNet Video Object Detection dataset. We evaluate a diverse array of classifiers trained on ImageNet, including models trained for robustness, and show a median classification accuracy drop of 16%. Additionally, we evaluate the Faster R-CNN and R-FCN models for detection, and show that natural perturbations induce both classification as well as localization errors, leading to a median drop in detection mAP of 14 points. Our analysis shows that natural perturbations in the real world are heavily problematic for current CNNs, posing a significant challenge to their deployment in safety-critical environments that require reliable, low-latency predictions. 

004__ A Maximum Entropy Optimization  Framework__arXiv:1906.02164
Author: L. Elisa Celis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02164
 Abstract: One reason for the emergence of bias in AI systems is biased data -- datasets that may not be true representations of the underlying distributions -- and may over or under-represent groups with respect to protected attributes such as gender or race. We consider the problem of correcting such biases and learning distributions that are "fair", with respect to measures such as proportional representation and statistical parity, from the given samples. Our approach is based on a novel formulation of the problem of learning a fair distribution as a maximum entropy optimization problem with a given expectation vector and a prior distribution. Technically, our main contributions are: (1) a new second-order method to compute the (dual of the) maximum entropy distribution over an exponentially-sized discrete domain that turns out to be faster than previous methods, and (2) methods to construct prior distributions and expectation vectors that provably guarantee that the learned distributions satisfy a wide class of fairness criteria. Our results also come with quantitative bounds on the total variation distance between the empirical distribution obtained from the samples and the learned fair distribution. Our experimental results include testing our approach on the COMPAS dataset and showing that the fair distributions not only improve disparate impact values but when used to train classifiers only incur a small loss of accuracy. 

005__ Combining Physics-Based Domain Knowledge and Machine Learning using  Variational Gaussian Processes with Explicit Linear Prior__arXiv:1906.02160
Author: Daniel L. Marino
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02160
 Abstract: Centuries of development in natural sciences and mathematical modeling provide valuable domain expert knowledge that has yet to be explored for the development of machine learning models. When modeling complex physical systems, both domain knowledge and data contribute important information about the system. In this paper, we present a data-driven model that takes advantage of partial domain knowledge in order to improve generalization and interpretability. The presented model, which we call EVGP (Explicit Variational Gaussian Process), uses an explicit linear prior to incorporate partial domain knowledge while using data to fill in the gaps in knowledge. Variational inference was used to obtain a sparse approximation that scales well to large datasets. The advantages include: 1) using partial domain knowledge to improve inductive bias (assumptions of the model), 2) scalability to large datasets, 3) improved interpretability. We show how the EVGP model can be used to learn system dynamics using basic Newtonian mechanics as prior knowledge. We demonstrate that using simple priors from partially defined physics models considerably improves performance when compared to fully data-driven models. 

006__ Can Graph Neural Networks Help Logic Reasoning?__arXiv:1906.02111
Author: Yuyu Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02111
 Abstract: Effectively combining logic reasoning and probabilistic inference has been a long-standing goal of machine learning: the former has the ability to generalize with small training data, while the latter provides a principled framework for dealing with noisy data. However, existing methods for combining the best of both worlds are typically computationally intensive. In this paper, we focus on Markov Logic Networks and explore the use of graph neural networks (GNNs) for representing probabilistic logic inference. It is revealed from our analysis that the representation power of GNN alone is not enough for such a task. We instead propose a more expressive variant, called ExpressGNN, which can perform effective probabilistic logic inference while being able to scale to a large number of entities. We demonstrate by several benchmark datasets that ExpressGNN has the potential to advance probabilistic logic reasoning to the next stage. 

007__ White-Box Explanations for Deep Learning in  Computer Security__arXiv:1906.02108
Author: Alexander Warnecke
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02108
 Abstract: Deep learning is increasingly used as a basic building block of security systems. Unfortunately, deep neural networks are hard to interpret, and their decision process is opaque to the practitioner. Recent work has started to address this problem by considering black-box explanations for deep learning in computer security (CCS'18). The underlying explanation methods, however, ignore the structure of neural networks and thus omit crucial information for analyzing the decision process. In this paper, we investigate white-box explanations and systematically compare them with current black-box approaches. In an extensive evaluation with learning-based systems for malware detection and vulnerability discovery, we demonstrate that white-box explanations are more concise, sparse, complete and efficient than black-box approaches. As a consequence, we generally recommend the use of white-box explanations if access to the employed neural network is available, which usually is the case for stand-alone systems for malware detection, binary analysis, and vulnerability discovery. 

008__ Rethinking Binarized Neural Network  Optimization__arXiv:1906.02107
Author: Koen Helwegen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02107
 Abstract: Optimization of Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs) currently relies on real-valued latent weights to accumulate small update steps. In this paper, we argue that these latent weights cannot be treated analogously to weights in real-valued networks. Instead their main role is to provide inertia during training. We interpret current methods in terms of inertia and provide novel insights into the optimization of BNNs. We subsequently introduce the first optimizer specifically designed for BNNs, Binary Optimizer (Bop), and demonstrate its performance on CIFAR-10 and ImageNet. Together, the redefinition of latent weights as inertia and the introduction of Bop enable a better understanding of BNN optimization and open up the way for further improvements in training methodologies for BNNs. Code is available at: this https URL 

009__ Diameter-based Interactive Structure Search__arXiv:1906.02101
Author: Christopher Tosh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02101
 Abstract: In this work, we introduce \emph{interactive structure search}, a generic framework that encompasses many interactive learning settings, both explored and unexplored. We show that a recently developed active learning algorithm of~\citet{TD17} can be adapted for interactive structure search, that it can be made noise-tolerant, and that it enjoys favorable convergence rates. 

010__ An Optimal Transport framework for Graph comparison__arXiv:1906.02085
Author: Hermina Petric Maretic
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02085
 Abstract: We present a novel framework based on optimal transport for the challenging problem of comparing graphs. Specifically, we exploit the probabilistic distribution of smooth graph signals defined with respect to the graph topology. This allows us to derive an explicit expression of the Wasserstein distance between graph signal distributions in terms of the graph Laplacian matrices. This leads to a structurally meaningful measure for comparing graphs, which is able to take into account the global structure of graphs, while most other measures merely observe local changes independently. Our measure is then used for formulating a new graph alignment problem, whose objective is to estimate the permutation that minimizes the distance between two graphs. We further propose an efficient stochastic algorithm based on Bayesian exploration to accommodate for the non-convexity of the graph alignment problem. We finally demonstrate the performance of our novel framework on different tasks like graph alignment, graph classification and graph signal prediction, and we show that our method leads to significant improvement with respect to the-state-of-art algorithms. 

011__ On the use of Pairwise Distance Learning for Brain Signal Classification  with Limited Observations__arXiv:1906.02076
Author: David Calhas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02076
 Abstract: The increasing access to brain signal data using electroencephalography creates new opportunities to study electrophysiological brain activity and perform ambulatory diagnoses of neuronal diseases. This work proposes a pairwise distance learning approach for Schizophrenia classification relying on the spectral properties of the signal. Given the limited number of observations (i.e. the case and/or control individuals) in clinical trials, we propose a Siamese neural network architecture to learn a discriminative feature space from pairwise combinations of observations per channel. In this way, the multivariate order of the signal is used as a form of data augmentation, further supporting the network generalization ability. Convolutional layers with parameters learned under a cosine contrastive loss are proposed to adequately explore spectral images derived from the brain signal. Results on a case-control population show that the features extracted using the proposed neural network lead to an improved Schizophrenia diagnosis (+10pp in accuracy and sensitivity) against spectral features, thus suggesting the existence of non-trivial, discriminative electrophysiological brain patterns. 

012__ Evaluating Explainers via Perturbation__arXiv:1906.02032
Author: Minh N. Vu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02032
 Abstract: Due to high complexity of many modern machine learning models such as deep convolutional networks, understanding the cause of model's prediction is critical. Many explainers have been designed to give us more insights on the decision of complex classifiers. However, there is no common ground on evaluating the quality of different classification methods. Motivated by the needs for comprehensive evaluation, we introduce the c-Eval metric and the corresponding framework to quantify the explainer's quality on feature-based explainers of machine learning image classifiers. Given a prediction and the corresponding explanation on that prediction, c-Eval is the minimum-power perturbation that successfully alters the prediction while keeping the explanation's features unchanged. We also provide theoretical analysis linking the proposed parameter with the portion of predicted object covered by the explanation. Using a heuristic approach, we introduce the c-Eval plot, which not only displays a strong connection between c-Eval and explainers' quality, but also serves as a low-complexity approach of assessing explainers. We finally conduct extensive experiments of explainers on three different datasets in order to support the adoption of c-Eval in evaluating explainers' performance. 

013__ Interpretable and Differentially Private Predictions__arXiv:1906.02004
Author: Frederik Harder
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02004
 Abstract: Interpretable predictions, where it is clear why a machine learning model has made a particular decision, can compromise privacy by revealing the characteristics of individual data points. This raises the central question addressed in this paper: Can models be interpretable without compromising privacy? For complex big data fit by correspondingly rich models, balancing privacy and explainability is particularly challenging, such that this question has remained largely unexplored. In this paper, we propose a family of simple models in the aim of approximating complex models using several locally linear maps per class to provide high classification accuracy, as well as differentially private explanations on the classification. We illustrate the usefulness of our approach on several image benchmark datasets as well as a medical dataset. 

014__ Machine Learning and System Identification for Estimation in Physical  Systems__arXiv:1906.02003
Author: Fredrik Bagge Carlson
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02003
 Abstract: In this thesis, we draw inspiration from both classical system identification and modern machine learning in order to solve estimation problems for real-world, physical systems. The main approach to estimation and learning adopted is optimization based. Concepts such as regularization will be utilized for encoding of prior knowledge and basis-function expansions will be used to add nonlinear modeling power while keeping data requirements practical. The thesis covers a wide range of applications, many inspired by applications within robotics, but also extending outside this already wide field. Usage of the proposed methods and algorithms are in many cases illustrated in the real-world applications that motivated the research. Topics covered include dynamics modeling and estimation, model-based reinforcement learning, spectral estimation, friction modeling and state estimation and calibration in robotic machining. In the work on modeling and identification of dynamics, we develop regularization strategies that allow us to incorporate prior domain knowledge into flexible, overparameterized models. We make use of classical control theory to gain insight into training and regularization while using flexible tools from modern deep learning. A particular focus of the work is to allow use of modern methods in scenarios where gathering data is associated with a high cost. In the robotics-inspired parts of the thesis, we develop methods that are practically motivated and ensure that they are implementable also outside the research setting. We demonstrate this by performing experiments in realistic settings and providing open-source implementations of all proposed methods and algorithms. 

015__ Ten Things You Wish You Had Known  Earlier to be More Effective at Data Analysis__arXiv:1906.01998
Author: Cynthia Rudin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01998
 Abstract: Despite the widespread usage of machine learning throughout organizations, there are some key principles that are commonly missed. In particular: 1) There are at least four main families for supervised learning: logical modeling methods, linear combination methods, case-based reasoning methods, and iterative summarization methods. 2) For many application domains, almost all machine learning methods perform similarly (with some caveats). Deep learning methods, which are the leading technique for computer vision problems, do not maintain an edge over other methods for most problems (and there are reasons why). 3) Neural networks are hard to train and weird stuff often happens when you try to train them. 4) If you don't use an interpretable model, you can make bad mistakes. 5) Explanations can be misleading and you can't trust them. 6) You can pretty much always find an accurate-yet-interpretable model, even for deep neural networks. 7) Special properties such as decision making or robustness must be built in, they don't happen on their own. 8) Causal inference is different than prediction (correlation is not causation). 9) There is a method to the madness of deep neural architectures, but not always. 10) It is a myth that artificial intelligence can do anything. 

016__ Human Activity Recognition with Convolutional Neural Netowrks__arXiv:1906.01935
Author: Antonio Bevilacqua
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01935
 Abstract: The problem of automatic identification of physical activities performed by human subjects is referred to as Human Activity Recognition (HAR). There exist several techniques to measure motion characteristics during these physical activities, such as Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs). IMUs have a cornerstone position in this context, and are characterized by usage flexibility, low cost, and reduced privacy impact. With the use of inertial sensors, it is possible to sample some measures such as acceleration and angular velocity of a body, and use them to learn models that are capable of correctly classifying activities to their corresponding classes. In this paper, we propose to use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to classify human activities. Our models use raw data obtained from a set of inertial sensors. We explore several combinations of activities and sensors, showing how motion signals can be adapted to be fed into CNNs by using different network architectures. We also compare the performance of different groups of sensors, investigating the classification potential of single, double and triple sensor systems. The experimental results obtained on a dataset of 16 lower-limb activities, collected from a group of participants with the use of five different sensors, are very promising. 

017__ Theory and Practice__arXiv:1906.01908
Author: Guillaume Ausset
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01908
 Abstract: We consider the classic supervised learning problem, where a continuous non-negative random label $Y$ (i.e. a random duration) is to be predicted based upon observing a random vector $X$ valued in $\mathbb{R}^d$ with $d\geq 1$ by means of a regression rule with minimum least square error. In various applications, ranging from industrial quality control to public health through credit risk analysis for instance, training observations can be right censored, meaning that, rather than on independent copies of $(X,Y)$, statistical learning relies on a collection of $n\geq 1$ independent realizations of the triplet $(X, \; \min\{Y,\; C\},\; \delta)$, where $C$ is a nonnegative r.v. with unknown distribution, modeling censorship and $\delta=\mathbb{I}\{Y\leq C\}$ indicates whether the duration is right censored or not. As ignoring censorship in the risk computation may clearly lead to a severe underestimation of the target duration and jeopardize prediction, we propose to consider a plug-in estimate of the true risk based on a Kaplan-Meier estimator of the conditional survival function of the censorship $C$ given $X$, referred to as Kaplan-Meier risk, in order to perform empirical risk minimization. It is established, under mild conditions, that the learning rate of minimizers of this biased/weighted empirical risk functional is of order $O_{\mathbb{P}}(\sqrt{\log(n)/n})$ when ignoring model bias issues inherent to plug-in estimation, as can be attained in absence of censorship. Beyond theoretical results, numerical experiments are presented in order to illustrate the relevance of the approach developed. 

018__ Enumeration of Distinct Support Vectors for Interactive Decision Making__arXiv:1906.01876
Author: Kentaro Kanamori
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01876
 Abstract: In conventional prediction tasks, a machine learning algorithm outputs a single best model that globally optimizes its objective function, which typically is accuracy. Therefore, users cannot access the other models explicitly. In contrast to this, multiple model enumeration attracts increasing interests in non-standard machine learning applications where other criteria, e.g., interpretability or fairness, than accuracy are main concern and a user may want to access more than one non-optimal, but suitable models. In this paper, we propose a K-best model enumeration algorithm for Support Vector Machines (SVM) that given a dataset S and an integer K>0, enumerates the K-best models on S with distinct support vectors in the descending order of the objective function values in the dual SVM problem. Based on analysis of the lattice structure of support vectors, our algorithm efficiently finds the next best model with small latency. This is useful in supporting users's interactive examination of their requirements on enumerated models. By experiments on real datasets, we evaluated the efficiency and usefulness of our algorithm. 

019__ Scalable Generative Models for Graphs with Graph Attention  Mechanism__arXiv:1906.01861
Author: Wataru Kawai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01861
 Abstract: Graphs are ubiquitous real-world data structures, and generative models that can approximate distributions over graphs and derive samples from it have significant importance. There are several known challenges in graph generation tasks, and scalability handling large graphs and datasets is one of the most important for applications in a wide range of real-world domains. Although an increasing number of graph generative models have been proposed in the field of machine learning that have demonstrated impressive results in several tasks, scalability is still an unresolved problem owing to the complex generation process or difficulty in training parallelization. In this work, we first define scalability from three different perspectives: number of nodes, data, and node/edge labels, and then we propose GRAM, a generative model for real-world graphs that is scalable in all the three contexts, especially on training. We aim to achieve scalability by employing a novel graph attention mechanism, formulating the likelihood of graphs in a simple and general manner and utilizing the properties of real-world graphs such as community structure and sparseness of edges. Furthermore, we construct a non-domain-specific evaluation metric in node/edge-labeled graph generation tasks that combine a graph kernel and Maximum Mean Discrepancy. Our experiments on real-world graph datasets showed that our models can scale up to large graphs and datasets that baseline models had difficulty handling, and demonstrated results that were competitive with or superior than the baseline methods. 

020__ Variational Spectral Graph Convolutional Networks__arXiv:1906.01852
Author: Louis Tiao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01852
 Abstract: We propose a Bayesian approach to spectral graph convolutional networks (GCNs) where the graph parameters are considered as random variables. We develop an inference algorithm to estimate the posterior over these parameters and use it to incorporate prior information that is not naturally considered by standard GCN. The key to our approach is to define a smooth posterior parameterization over the adjacency matrix characterizing the graph, which we estimate via stochastic variational inference. Our experiments show that we can outperform standard GCN methods in the task of semi-supervised classification in noisy-graph regimes. 

021__ Data Sketching for Faster Training of Machine Learning Models__arXiv:1906.01827
Author: Baharan Mirzasoleiman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01827
 Abstract: Many machine learning problems reduce to the problem of minimizing an expected risk, defined as the sum of a large number of, often convex, component functions. Iterative gradient methods are popular techniques for the above problems. However, they are in general slow to converge, in particular for large data sets. In this work, we develop analysis for selecting a subset (or sketch) of training data points with their corresponding learning rates in order to provide faster convergence to a close neighbordhood of the optimal solution. We show that subsets that minimize the upper-bound on the estimation error of the full gradient, maximize a submodular facility location function. As a result, by greedily maximizing the facility location function we obtain subsets that yield faster convergence to a close neighborhood of the optimum solution. We demonstrate the real-world effectiveness of our algorithm, SIG, confirming our analysis, through an extensive set of experiments on several applications, including logistic regression and training neural networks. We also include a method that provides a deliberate deterministic ordering of the data subset that is quite effective in practice. We observe that our method, while achieving practically the same loss, speeds up gradient methods by up to 10x for convex and 3x for non-convex (deep) functions. 

022__ Classifier based Conditional Mutual Information Estimation__arXiv:1906.01824
Author: Sudipto Mukherjee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01824
 Abstract: Conditional Mutual Information (CMI) is a measure of conditional dependence between random variables X and Y, given another random variable Z. It can be used to quantify conditional dependence among variables in many data-driven inference problems such as graphical models, causal learning, feature selection and time-series analysis. While k-nearest neighbor (kNN) based estimators as well as kernel-based methods have been widely used for CMI estimation, they suffer severely from the curse of dimensionality. In this paper, we leverage advances in classifiers and generative models to design methods for CMI estimation. Specifically, we introduce an estimator for KL-Divergence based on the likelihood ratio by training a classifier to distinguish the observed joint distribution from the product distribution. We then show how to construct several CMI estimators using this basic divergence estimator by drawing ideas from conditional generative models. We demonstrate that the estimates from our proposed approaches do not degrade in performance with increasing dimension and obtain significant improvement over the widely used KSG estimator. Finally, as an application of accurate CMI estimation, we use our best estimator for conditional independence testing and achieve superior performance than the state-of-the-art tester on both simulated and real data-sets. 

023__ Discriminative Few-Shot Learning Based on Directional Statistics__arXiv:1906.01819
Author: Junyoung Park
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01819
 Abstract: Metric-based few-shot learning methods try to overcome the difficulty due to the lack of training examples by learning embedding to make comparison easy. We propose a novel algorithm to generate class representatives for few-shot classification tasks. As a probabilistic model for learned features of inputs, we consider a mixture of von Mises-Fisher distributions which is known to be more expressive than Gaussian in a high dimensional space. Then, from a discriminative classifier perspective, we get a better class representative considering inter-class correlation which has not been addressed by conventional few-shot learning algorithms. We apply our method to \emph{mini}ImageNet and \emph{tiered}ImageNet datasets, and show that the proposed approach outperforms other comparable methods in few-shot classification tasks. 

024__ Global Optimality Guarantees For Policy Gradient Methods__arXiv:1906.01786
Author: Jalaj Bhandari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01786
 Abstract: Policy gradients methods are perhaps the most widely used class of reinforcement learning algorithms. These methods apply to complex, poorly understood, control problems by performing stochastic gradient descent over a parameterized class of polices. Unfortunately, even for simple control problems solvable by classical techniques, policy gradient algorithms face non-convex optimization problems and are widely understood to converge only to local minima. This work identifies structural properties -- shared by finite MDPs and several classic control problems -- which guarantee that policy gradient objective function has no suboptimal local minima despite being non-convex. When these assumptions are relaxed, our work gives conditions under which any local minimum is near-optimal, where the error bound depends on a notion of the expressive capacity of the policy class. 

025__ Reinforcement Learning When All Actions are Not Always Available__arXiv:1906.01772
Author: Yash Chandak
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01772
 Abstract: The Markov decision process (MDP) formulation used to model many real-world sequential decision making problems does not capture the setting where the set of available decisions (actions) at each time step is stochastic. Recently, the stochastic action set Markov decision process (SAS-MDP) formulation has been proposed, which captures the concept of a stochastic action set. In this paper we argue that existing RL algorithms for SAS-MDPs suffer from divergence issues, and present new algorithms for SAS-MDPs that incorporate variance reduction techniques unique to this setting, and provide conditions for their convergence. We conclude with experiments that demonstrate the practicality of our approaches using several tasks inspired by real-life use cases wherein the action set is stochastic. 

026__ Lifelong Learning with a Changing Action Set__arXiv:1906.01770
Author: Yash Chandak
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01770
 Abstract: In many real-world sequential decision making problems, the number of available actions (decisions) can vary over time. While problems like catastrophic forgetting, changing transition dynamics, changing rewards functions, etc. have been well-studied in the lifelong learning literature, the setting where the action set changes remains unaddressed. In this paper, we present an algorithm that autonomously adapts to an action set whose size changes over time. To tackle this open problem, we break it into two problems that can be solved iteratively: inferring the underlying, unknown, structure in the space of actions and optimizing a policy that leverages this structure. We demonstrate the efficiency of this approach on large-scale real-world lifelong learning problems. 

027__ Generalized Linear Rule Models__arXiv:1906.01761
Author: Dennis Wei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01761
 Abstract: This paper considers generalized linear models using rule-based features, also referred to as rule ensembles, for regression and probabilistic classification. Rules facilitate model interpretation while also capturing nonlinear dependences and interactions. Our problem formulation accordingly trades off rule set complexity and prediction accuracy. Column generation is used to optimize over an exponentially large space of rules without pre-generating a large subset of candidates or greedily boosting rules one by one. The column generation subproblem is solved using either integer programming or a heuristic optimizing the same objective. In experiments involving logistic and linear regression, the proposed methods obtain better accuracy-complexity trade-offs than existing rule ensemble algorithms. At one end of the trade-off, the methods are competitive with less interpretable benchmark models. 

028__ Bridging Median and Mean  Based Algorithms__arXiv:1906.01736
Author: Xiangyi Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01736
 Abstract: Recently, there is a growing interest in the study of median-based algorithms for distributed non-convex optimization. Two prominent such algorithms include signSGD with majority vote, an effective approach for communication reduction via 1-bit compression on the local gradients, and medianSGD, an algorithm recently proposed to ensure robustness against Byzantine workers. The convergence analyses for these algorithms critically rely on the assumption that all the distributed data are drawn iid from the same distribution. However, in applications such as Federated Learning, the data across different nodes or machines can be inherently heterogeneous, which violates such an iid assumption. This work analyzes signSGD and medianSGD in distributed settings with heterogeneous data. We show that these algorithms are non-convergent whenever there is some disparity between the expected median and mean over the local gradients. To overcome this gap, we provide a novel gradient correction mechanism that perturbs the local gradients with noise, together with a series results that provable close the gap between mean and median of the gradients. The proposed methods largely preserve nice properties of these methods, such as the low per-iteration communication complexity of signSGD, and further enjoy global convergence to stationary solutions. Our perturbation technique can be of independent interest when one wishes to estimate mean through a median estimator. 

029__ Neuropathic Pain Diagnosis Simulator for Causal Discovery Algorithm  Evaluation__arXiv:1906.01732
Author: Ruibo Tu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01732
 Abstract: Discovery of causal relations from observational data is essential for many disciplines of science and real-world applications. However, unlike traditional machine learning algorithms, whose developments have been greatly fostered by a large amount of available benchmark datasets, causal discovery algorithms are notoriously difficult to be systematically evaluated due to the fact that few datasets with known ground-truth causal relations are available. In this work, we handle the problem of evaluating causal discovery algorithms by building a flexible simulator in the medical setting. We develop a neuropathic pain simulator, inspired by the fact that the biological processes of neuropathic pathophysiology are well studied with well-understood causal influences. Our simulator exploits the causal graph of the neuropathic pain pathology, and its parameters in the generator are estimated from real-life patient cases. We show that data generated from our simulator have the same statistics as real-world data. As a clear advantage, the simulator can produce infinite samples without jeopardizing the privacy of real-world patients. Our simulator provides a natural tool for evaluating various types of causal discovery algorithms, including those to deal with practical issues in causal discovery, such as unknown confounders, selection bias, and missing data. Using our simulator, we have evaluated extensively causal discovery algorithms under various settings. 

030__ Assessing the Robustness of Bayesian Dark Knowledge to Posterior  Uncertainty__arXiv:1906.01724
Author: Meet P. Vadera
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01724
 Abstract: Bayesian Dark Knowledge is a method for compressing the posterior predictive distribution of a neural network model into a more compact form. Specifically, the method attempts to compress a Monte Carlo approximation to the parameter posterior into a single network representing the posterior predictive distribution. Further, the authors show that this approach is successful in the classification setting using a student network whose architecture matches that of a single network in the teacher ensemble. In this work, we examine the robustness of Bayesian Dark Knowledge to higher levels of posterior uncertainty. We show that using a student network that matches the teacher architecture may fail to yield acceptable performance. We study an approach to close the resulting performance gap by increasing student model capacity. 

031__ Reinforcement Learning with Low-Complexity Liquid State Machines__arXiv:1906.01695
Author: Wachirawit Ponghiran
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01695
 Abstract: We propose reinforcement learning on simple networks consisting of random connections of spiking neurons (both recurrent and feed-forward) that can learn complex tasks with very little trainable parameters. Such sparse and randomly interconnected recurrent spiking networks exhibit highly non-linear dynamics that transform the inputs into rich high-dimensional representations based on past context. The random input representations can be efficiently interpreted by an output (or readout) layer with trainable parameters. Systematic initialization of the random connections and training of the readout layer using Q-learning algorithm enable such small random spiking networks to learn optimally and achieve the same learning efficiency as humans on complex reinforcement learning tasks like Atari games. The spike-based approach using small random recurrent networks provides a computationally efficient alternative to state-of-the-art deep reinforcement learning networks with several layers of trainable parameters. The low-complexity spiking networks can lead to improved energy efficiency in event-driven neuromorphic hardware for complex reinforcement learning tasks. 

032__ predicting  when tuning improves SVM classifiers__arXiv:1906.01684
Author: Rafael Gomes Mantovani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01684
 Abstract: For many machine learning algorithms, predictive performance is critically affected by the hyperparameter values used to train them. However, tuning these hyperparameters can come at a high computational cost, especially on larger datasets, while the tuned settings do not always significantly outperform the default values. This paper proposes a recommender system based on meta-learning to identify exactly when it is better to use default values and when to tune hyperparameters for each new dataset. Besides, an in-depth analysis is performed to understand what they take into account for their decisions, providing useful insights. An extensive analysis of different categories of meta-features, meta-learners, and setups across 156 datasets is performed. Results show that it is possible to accurately predict when tuning will significantly improve the performance of the induced models. The proposed system reduces the time spent on optimization processes, without reducing the predictive performance of the induced models (when compared with the ones obtained using tuned hyperparameters). We also explain the decision-making process of the meta-learners in terms of linear separability-based hypotheses. Although this analysis is focused on the tuning of Support Vector Machines, it can also be applied to other algorithms, as shown in experiments performed with decision trees. 

033__ Learning dynamic polynomial proofs__arXiv:1906.01681
Author: Alhussein Fawzi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01681
 Abstract: Polynomial inequalities lie at the heart of many mathematical disciplines. In this paper, we consider the fundamental computational task of automatically searching for proofs of polynomial inequalities. We adopt the framework of semi-algebraic proof systems that manipulate polynomial inequalities via elementary inference rules that infer new inequalities from the premises. These proof systems are known to be very powerful, but searching for proofs remains a major difficulty. In this work, we introduce a machine learning based method to search for a dynamic proof within these proof systems. We propose a deep reinforcement learning framework that learns an embedding of the polynomials and guides the choice of inference rules, taking the inherent symmetries of the problem as an inductive bias. We compare our approach with powerful and widely-studied linear programming hierarchies based on static proof systems, and show that our method reduces the size of the linear program by several orders of magnitude while also improving performance. These results hence pave the way towards augmenting powerful and well-studied semi-algebraic proof systems with machine learning guiding strategies for enhancing the expressivity of such proof systems. 

034__ Neuromorphic Architecture Optimization for Task-Specific Dynamic  Learning__arXiv:1906.01668
Author: Sandeep Madireddy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01668
 Abstract: The ability to learn and adapt in real time is a central feature of biological systems. Neuromorphic architectures demonstrating such versatility can greatly enhance our ability to efficiently process information at the edge. A key challenge, however, is to understand which learning rules are best suited for specific tasks and how the relevant hyperparameters can be fine-tuned. In this work, we introduce a conceptual framework in which the learning process is integrated into the network itself. This allows us to cast meta-learning as a mathematical optimization problem. We employ DeepHyper, a scalable, asynchronous model-based search, to simultaneously optimize the choice of meta-learning rules and their hyperparameters. We demonstrate our approach with two different datasets, MNIST and FashionMNIST, using a network architecture inspired by the learning center of the insect brain. Our results show that optimal learning rules can be dataset-dependent even within similar tasks. This dependency demonstrates the importance of introducing versatility and flexibility in the learning algorithms. It also illuminates experimental findings in insect neuroscience that have shown a heterogeneity of learning rules within the insect mushroom body. 

035__ Building a Computer Mahjong Player via Deep Convolutional Neural  Networks__arXiv:1906.02146
Author: Shiqi Gao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02146
 Abstract: The evaluation function for imperfect information games is always hard to define but owns a significant impact on the playing strength of a program. Deep learning has made great achievements these years, and already exceeded the top human players' level even in the game of Go. In this paper, we introduce a new data model to represent the available imperfect information on the game table, and construct a well-designed convolutional neural network for game record training. We choose the accuracy of tile discarding which is also called as the agreement rate as the benchmark for this study. Our accuracy on test data reaches 70.44%, while the state-of-art baseline is 62.1% reported by Mizukami and Tsuruoka (2015), and is significantly higher than previous trials using deep learning, which shows the promising potential of our new model. For the AI program building, besides the tile discarding strategy, we adopt similar predicting strategies for other actions such as stealing (pon, chi, and kan) and riichi. With the simple combination of these several predicting networks and without any knowledge about the concrete rules of the game, a strength evaluation is made for the resulting program on the largest Japanese Mahjong site `Tenhou'gm. The program has achieved a rating of around 1850, which is significantly higher than that of an average human player and of programs among past studies. 

036__ Cubic-Spline Flows__arXiv:1906.02145
Author: Conor Durkan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02145
 Abstract: A normalizing flow models a complex probability density as an invertible transformation of a simple density. The invertibility means that we can evaluate densities and generate samples from a flow. In practice, autoregressive flow-based models are slow to invert, making either density estimation or sample generation slow. Flows based on coupling transforms are fast for both tasks, but have previously performed less well at density estimation than autoregressive flows. We stack a new coupling transform, based on monotonic cubic splines, with LU-decomposed linear layers. The resulting cubic-spline flow retains an exact one-pass inverse, can be used to generate high-quality images, and closes the gap with autoregressive flows on a suite of density-estimation tasks. 

037__ Deep learning based mood tagging for Chinese song lyrics__arXiv:1906.02135
Author: Jie Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02135
 Abstract: Nowadays, listening music has been and will always be an indispensable part of our daily life. In recent years, sentiment analysis of music has been widely used in the information retrieval systems, personalized recommendation systems and so on. Due to the development of deep learning, this paper commits to find an effective approach for mood tagging of Chinese song lyrics. To achieve this goal, both machine-learning and deep-learning models have been studied and compared. Eventually, a CNN-based model with pre-trained word embedding has been demonstrated to effectively extract the distribution of emotional features of Chinese lyrics, with at least 15 percentage points higher than traditional machine-learning methods (i.e. TF-IDF+SVM and LIWC+SVM), and 7 percentage points higher than other deep-learning models (i.e. RNN, LSTM). In this paper, more than 160,000 lyrics corpus has been leveraged for pre-training word embedding for mood tagging boost. 

038__ Theme-aware generation model for chinese lyrics__arXiv:1906.02134
Author: Jie Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02134
 Abstract: With rapid development of neural networks, deep-learning has been extended to various natural language generation fields, such as machine translation, dialogue generation and even literature creation. In this paper, we propose a theme-aware language generation model for Chinese music lyrics, which improves the theme-connectivity and coherence of generated paragraphs greatly. A multi-channel sequence-to-sequence (seq2seq) model encodes themes and previous sentences as global and local contextual information. Moreover, attention mechanism is incorporated for sequence decoding, enabling to fuse context into predicted next texts. To prepare appropriate train corpus, LDA (Latent Dirichlet Allocation) is applied for theme extraction. Generated lyrics is grammatically correct and semantically coherent with selected themes, which offers a valuable modelling method in other fields including multi-turn chatbots, long paragraph generation and etc. 

039__ Strong and Simple Baselines for Multimodal Utterance Embeddings__arXiv:1906.02125
Author: Paul Pu Liang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02125
 Abstract: Human language is a rich multimodal signal consisting of spoken words, facial expressions, body gestures, and vocal intonations. Learning representations for these spoken utterances is a complex research problem due to the presence of multiple heterogeneous sources of information. Recent advances in multimodal learning have followed the general trend of building more complex models that utilize various attention, memory and recurrent components. In this paper, we propose two simple but strong baselines to learn embeddings of multimodal utterances. The first baseline assumes a conditional factorization of the utterance into unimodal factors. Each unimodal factor is modeled using the simple form of a likelihood function obtained via a linear transformation of the embedding. We show that the optimal embedding can be derived in closed form by taking a weighted average of the unimodal features. In order to capture richer representations, our second baseline extends the first by factorizing into unimodal, bimodal, and trimodal factors, while retaining simplicity and efficiency during learning and inference. From a set of experiments across two tasks, we show strong performance on both supervised and semi-supervised multimodal prediction, as well as significant (10 times) speedups over neural models during inference. Overall, we believe that our strong baseline models offer new benchmarking options for future research in multimodal learning. 

040__ Patent Classification with Fine-Tuning a pre-trained BERT  Model__arXiv:1906.02124
Author: Jieh-Sheng Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02124
 Abstract: In this work we focus on fine-tuning a pre-trained BERT model and applying it to patent classification. When applied to large datasets of over two millions patents, our approach outperforms the state of the art by an approach using CNN with word embeddings. In addition, we focus on patent claims without other parts in patent documents. Our contributions include: (1) a new state-of-the-art method based on pre-trained BERT model and fine-tuning for patent classification, (2) a large dataset USPTO-3M at the CPC subclass level with SQL statements that can be used by future researchers, (3) showing that patent claims alone are sufficient for classification task, in contrast to conventional wisdom. 

041__ Adapting Neural Networks for the Estimation of Treatment Effects__arXiv:1906.02120
Author: Claudia Shi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02120
 Abstract: This paper addresses the use of neural networks for the estimation of treatment effects from observational data. Generally, estimation proceeds in two stages. First, we fit models for the expected outcome and the probability of treatment (propensity score) for each unit. Second, we plug these fitted models into a downstream estimator of the effect. Neural networks are a natural choice for the models in the first step. The question we address is: how can we adapt the design and training of the neural networks used in the first step in order to improve the quality of the final estimate of the treatment effect? We propose two adaptations based on insights from the statistical literature on the estimation of treatment effects. The first is a new architecture, the Dragonnet, that exploits the sufficiency of the propensity score for estimation adjustment. The second is a regularization procedure, targeted regularization, that induces a bias towards models that have non-parametrically optimal asymptotic properties `out-of-the-box`. Studies on benchmark datasets for causal inference show these adaptations outperform existing methods. Code is available at github.com/claudiashi57/dragonnet 

042__ Unbiased estimators for the variance of MMD estimators__arXiv:1906.02104
Author: Dougal J. Sutherland
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02104
 Abstract: The maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) is a kernel-based distance between probability distributions useful in many applications (Gretton et al. 2012), bearing a simple estimator with pleasing computational and statistical properties. Being able to efficiently estimate the variance of this estimator is very helpful to various problems in two-sample testing. Towards this end, Bounliphone et al. (2016) used the theory of U-statistics to derive estimators for the variance of an MMD estimator, and differences between two such estimators. Their estimator, however, drops lower-order terms, and is unnecessarily biased. We show in this note - extending and correcting work of Sutherland et al. (2017) - that we can find a truly unbiased estimator for the actual variance of both the squared MMD estimator and the difference of two correlated squared MMD estimators, at essentially no additional computational cost. 

043__ Automated Activity Recognition of Construction Equipment Using a Data  Fusion Approach__arXiv:1906.02070
Author: Behnam Sherafat
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02070
 Abstract: Automated monitoring of construction operations, especially operations of equipment and machines, is an essential step toward cost-estimating, and planning of construction projects. In recent years, a number of methods were suggested for recognizing activities of construction equipment. These methods are based on processing single types of data (audio, visual, or kinematic data). Considering the complexity of construction jobsites, using one source of data is not reliable enough to cover all conditions and scenarios. To address the issue, we utilized a data fusion approach: This approach is based on collecting audio and kinematic data, and includes the following steps: 1) recording audio and kinematic data generated by machines, 2) preprocessing data, 3) extracting time- and frequency-domain-features, 4) feature-fusion, and 5) categorizing activities using a machine-learning algorithm. The proposed approach was implemented on multiple machines and the experiments show that it is possible to get up to 25% more-accurate results compared to cases of using single-data-sources. 

044__ Taming Latent Factor Models for Explainability with  Factorization Trees__arXiv:1906.02037
Author: Yiyi Tao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02037
 Abstract: Latent factor models have achieved great success in personalized recommendations, but they are also notoriously difficult to explain. In this work, we integrate regression trees to guide the learning of latent factor models for recommendation, and use the learnt tree structure to explain the resulting latent factors. Specifically, we build regression trees on users and items respectively with user-generated reviews, and associate a latent profile to each node on the trees to represent users and items. With the growth of regression tree, the latent factors are gradually refined under the regularization imposed by the tree structure. As a result, we are able to track the creation of latent profiles by looking into the path of each factor on regression trees, which thus serves as an explanation for the resulting recommendations. Extensive experiments on two large collections of Amazon and Yelp reviews demonstrate the advantage of our model over several competitive baseline algorithms. Besides, our extensive user study also confirms the practical value of explainable recommendations generated by our model. 

045__ Last-iterate convergence rates for min-max optimization__arXiv:1906.02027
Author: Jacob Abernethy
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02027
 Abstract: We study the problem of finding min-max solutions for smooth two-input objective functions. While classic results show average-iterate convergence rates for various algorithms, nonconvex applications such as training Generative Adversarial Networks require \emph{last-iterate} convergence guarantees, which are more difficult to prove. It has been an open problem as to whether any algorithm achieves non-asymptotic last-iterate convergence in settings beyond the bilinear and convex-strongly concave settings. In this paper, we study the Hamiltonian Gradient Descent (HGD) algorithm, and we show that HGD exhibits a \emph{linear} convergence rate in a variety of more general settings, including convex-concave settings that are "sufficiently bilinear." We also prove similar convergence rates for the Consensus Optimization (CO) algorithm of [MNG17] for some parameter settings of CO. 

046__ A Hybrid Algorithm for Metaheuristic Optimization__arXiv:1906.02010
Author: Sujit Pramod Khanna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.02010
 Abstract: We propose a novel, flexible algorithm for combining together metaheuristicoptimizers for non-convex optimization problems. Our approach treatsthe constituent optimizers as a team of complex agents that communicateinformation amongst each other at various intervals during the simulationprocess. The information produced by each individual agent can be combinedin various ways via higher-level operators. In our experiments on keybenchmark functions, we investigate how the performance of our algorithmvaries with respect to several of its key modifiable properties. Finally,we apply our proposed algorithm to classification problems involving theoptimization of support-vector machine classifiers. 

047__ Performance Modelling of Deep Learning on Intel Many Integrated Core  Architectures__arXiv:1906.01992
Author: Andre Viebke
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01992
 Abstract: Many complex problems, such as natural language processing or visual object detection, are solved using deep learning. However, efficient training of complex deep convolutional neural networks for large data sets is computationally demanding and requires parallel computing resources. In this paper, we present two parameterized performance models for estimation of execution time of training convolutional neural networks on the Intel many integrated core architecture. While for the first performance model we minimally use measurement techniques for parameter value estimation, in the second model we estimate more parameters based on measurements. We evaluate the prediction accuracy of performance models in the context of training three different convolutional neural network architectures on the Intel Xeon Phi. The achieved average performance prediction accuracy is about 15% for the first model and 11% for second model. 

048__ The Computational Structure of Unintentional Meaning__arXiv:1906.01983
Author: Mark K. Ho
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01983
 Abstract: Speech-acts can have literal meaning as well as pragmatic meaning, but these both involve consequences typically intended by a speaker. Speech-acts can also have unintentional meaning, in which what is conveyed goes above and beyond what was intended. Here, we present a Bayesian analysis of how, to a listener, the meaning of an utterance can significantly differ from a speaker's intended meaning. Our model emphasizes how comprehending the intentional and unintentional meaning of speech-acts requires listeners to engage in sophisticated model-based perspective-taking and reasoning about the history of the state of the world, each other's actions, and each other's observations. To test our model, we have human participants make judgments about vignettes where speakers make utterances that could be interpreted as intentional insults or unintentional faux pas. In elucidating the mechanics of speech-acts with unintentional meanings, our account provides insight into how communication both functions and malfunctions. 

049__ Understanding Distributional Ambiguity via Non-robust Chance Constraint__arXiv:1906.01981
Author: Qi Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01981
 Abstract: The choice of the ambiguity radius is critical when an investor uses the distributionally robust approach to address the issue that the portfolio optimization problem is sensitive to the uncertainties of the asset return distribution. It cannot be set too large because the larger the size of the ambiguity set the worse the portfolio return. It cannot be too small either; otherwise, one loses the robust protection. This tradeoff demands a financial understanding of the ambiguity set. In this paper, we propose a non-robust interpretation of the distributionally robust optimization (DRO) problem. By relating the impact of an ambiguity set to the impact of a non-robust chance constraint, our interpretation allows investors to understand the size of the ambiguity set through parameters that are directly linked to investment performance. We first show that for general $\phi$-divergences, a DRO problem is asymptotically equivalent to a class of mean-deviation problem, where the ambiguity radius controls investor's risk preference. Based on this non-robust reformulation, we then show that when a boundedness constraint is added to the investment strategy, the DRO problem can be cast as a chance-constrained optimization (CCO) problem without distributional uncertainties. If the boundedness constraint is removed, the CCO problem is shown to perform uniformly better than the DRO problem, irrespective of the radius of the ambiguity set, the choice of the divergence measure, or the tail heaviness of the center distribution. Our results apply to both the widely-used Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence which requires the distribution of the objective function to be exponentially bounded, as well as those more general divergence measures which allow heavy tail ones such as student $t$ and lognormal distributions. 

050__ Evolution of Novel Activation Functions in Neural Network Training with  Applications to Classification of Exoplanets__arXiv:1906.01975
Author: Snehanshu Saha
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01975
 Abstract: We present analytical exploration of novel activation functions as consequence of integration of several ideas leading to implementation and subsequent use in habitability classification of exoplanets. Neural networks, although a powerful engine in supervised methods, often require expensive tuning efforts for optimized performance. Habitability classes are hard to discriminate, especially when attributes used as hard markers of separation are removed from the data set. The solution is approached from the point of investigating analytical properties of the proposed activation functions. The theory of ordinary differential equations and fixed point are exploited to justify the "lack of tuning efforts" to achieve optimal performance compared to traditional activation functions. Additionally, the relationship between the proposed activation functions and the more popular ones is established through extensive analytical and empirical evidence. Finally, the activation functions have been implemented in plain vanilla feed-forward neural network to classify exoplanets. 

051__ A Statistically-Aware End-to-end Optimizer for Machine Learning  Inference__arXiv:1906.01974
Author: Peter Kraft
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01974
 Abstract: Machine learning (ML) has become increasingly important and performance-critical in modern data centers. This has led to interest in model serving systems, which perform ML inference and serve predictions to end-user applications. However, most existing model serving systems approach ML inference as an extension of conventional data serving workloads and miss critical opportunities for performance. In this paper, we present Willump, a statistically-aware optimizer for ML inference that takes advantage of key properties of ML inference not shared by traditional workloads. First, ML models can often be approximated efficiently on many "easy" inputs by judiciously using a less expensive model for these inputs (e.g., not computing all the input features). Willump automatically generates such approximations from an ML inference pipeline, providing up to 4.1$\times$ speedup without statistically significant accuracy loss. Second, ML models are often used in higher-level end-to-end queries in an ML application, such as computing the top K predictions for a recommendation model. Willump optimizes inference based on these higher-level queries by up to 5.7$\times$ over na\"ive batch inference. Willump combines these novel optimizations with standard compiler optimizations and a computation graph-aware feature caching scheme to automatically generate fast inference code for ML pipelines. We show that Willump improves performance of real-world ML inference pipelines by up to 23$\times$, with its novel optimizations giving 3.6-5.7$\times$ speedups over compilation. We also show that Willump integrates easily with existing model serving systems, such as Clipper. 

052__ Efficient, Lexicon-Free OCR using Deep Learning__arXiv:1906.01969
Author: Marcin Namysl
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01969
 Abstract: Contrary to popular belief, Optical Character Recognition (OCR) remains a challenging problem when text occurs in unconstrained environments, like natural scenes, due to geometrical distortions, complex backgrounds, and diverse fonts. In this paper, we present a segmentation-free OCR system that combines deep learning methods, synthetic training data generation, and data augmentation techniques. We render synthetic training data using large text corpora and over 2000 fonts. To simulate text occurring in complex natural scenes, we augment extracted samples with geometric distortions and with a proposed data augmentation technique - alpha-compositing with background textures. Our models employ a convolutional neural network encoder to extract features from text images. Inspired by the recent progress in neural machine translation and language modeling, we examine the capabilities of both recurrent and convolutional neural networks in modeling the interactions between input elements. error here, check on website.

054__ Learning Bilingual Sentence Embeddings via Autoencoding and Computing  Similarities with a Multilayer Perceptron__arXiv:1906.01942
Author: Yunsu Kim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01942
 Abstract: We propose a novel model architecture and training algorithm to learn bilingual sentence embeddings from a combination of parallel and monolingual data. Our method connects autoencoding and neural machine translation to force the source and target sentence embeddings to share the same space without the help of a pivot language or an additional transformation. We train a multilayer perceptron on top of the sentence embeddings to extract good bilingual sentence pairs from nonparallel or noisy parallel data. Our approach shows promising performance on sentence alignment recovery and the WMT 2018 parallel corpus filtering tasks with only a single model. 

055__ Approximate Inference Turns Deep Networks into Gaussian Processes__arXiv:1906.01930
Author: Mohammad Emtiyaz Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01930
 Abstract: Deep neural networks (DNN) and Gaussian processes (GP) are two powerful models with several theoretical connections relating them, but the relationship between their training methods is not well understood. In this paper, we show that certain Gaussian posterior approximations for Bayesian DNNs are equivalent to GP posteriors. As a result, we can obtain a GP kernel and a nonlinear feature map simply by training the DNN. Surprisingly, the resulting kernel is the neural tangent kernel which has desirable theoretical properties for infinitely-wide DNNs. We show feature maps obtained on real datasets and demonstrate the use of the GP marginal likelihood to tune hyperparameters of DNNs. Our work aims to facilitate further research on combining DNNs and GPs in practical settings. 

056__ Neural Learning of Online Consumer Credit Risk__arXiv:1906.01923
Author: Di Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01923
 Abstract: This paper takes a deep learning approach to understand consumer credit risk when e-commerce platforms issue unsecured credit to finance customers' purchase. The "NeuCredit" model can capture both serial dependences in multi-dimensional time series data when event frequencies in each dimension differ. It also captures nonlinear cross-sectional interactions among different time-evolving features. Also, the predicted default probability is designed to be interpretable such that risks can be decomposed into three components: the subjective risk indicating the consumers' willingness to repay, the objective risk indicating their ability to repay, and the behavioral risk indicating consumers' behavioral differences. Using a unique dataset from one of the largest global e-commerce platforms, we show that the inclusion of shopping behavioral data, besides conventional payment records, requires a deep learning approach to extract the information content of these data, which turns out significantly enhancing forecasting performance than the traditional machine learning methods. 

057__ Evaluation and Improvement of Chatbot Text Classification Data Quality  Using Plausible Negative Examples__arXiv:1906.01910
Author: Kit Kuksenok
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01910
 Abstract: We describe and validate a metric for estimating multi-class classifier performance based on cross-validation and adapted for improvement of small, unbalanced natural-language datasets used in chatbot design. Our experiences draw upon building recruitment chatbots that mediate communication between job-seekers and recruiters by exposing the ML/NLP dataset to the recruiting team. Evaluation approaches must be understandable to various stakeholders, and useful for improving chatbot performance. The metric, nex-cv, uses negative examples in the evaluation of text classification, and fulfils three requirements. First, it is actionable: it can be used by non-developer staff. Second, it is not overly optimistic compared to human ratings, making it a fast method for comparing classifiers. Third, it allows model-agnostic comparison, making it useful for comparing systems despite implementation differences. We validate the metric based on seven recruitment-domain datasets in English and German over the course of one year. 

058__ Performance Comparison of Machine Learning Packages on the Edges__arXiv:1906.01878
Author: Xingzhou Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01878
 Abstract: Machine learning has changed the computing paradigm. Products today are built with machine intelligence as a central attribute, and consumers are beginning to expect near-human interaction with the appliances they use. However, much of the deep learning revolution has been limited to the cloud. Recently, several machine learning packages based on edge devices have been announced which aim to offload the computing to the edges. However, little research has been done to evaluate these packages on the edges, making it difficult for end users to select an appropriate pair of software and hardware. In this paper, we make a performance comparison of several state-of-the-art machine learning packages on the edges, including TensorFlow, Caffe2, MXNet, PyTorch, and TensorFlow Lite. We focus on evaluating the latency, memory footprint, and energy of these tools with two popular types of neural networks on different edge devices. This evaluation not only provides a reference to select appropriate combinations of hardware and software packages for end users but also points out possible future directions to optimize packages for developers. 

059__ Terminology-based Text Embedding for Computing Document Similarities on  Technical Content__arXiv:1906.01874
Author: Hamid Mirisaee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01874
 Abstract: We propose in this paper a new, hybrid document embedding approach in order to address the problem of document similarities with respect to the technical content. To do so, we employ a state-of-the-art graph techniques to first extract the keyphrases (composite keywords) of documents and, then, use them to score the sentences. Using the ranked sentences, we propose two approaches to embed documents and show their performances with respect to two baselines. With domain expert annotations, we illustrate that the proposed methods can find more relevant documents and outperform the baselines up to 27% in terms of NDCG. 

060__ A Survey of Behavior Learning Applications in Robotics -- State of the  Art and Perspectives__arXiv:1906.01868
Author: Alexander Fabisch
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01868
 Abstract: Recent success of machine learning in many domains has been overwhelming, which often leads to false expectations regarding the capabilities of behavior learning in robotics. In this survey, we analyze the current state of machine learning for robotic behaviors. We will give a broad overview of behaviors that have been learned and used on real robots. Our focus is on kinematically or sensorially complex robots. That includes humanoid robots or parts of humanoid robots, for example, legged robots or robotic arms. We will classify presented behaviors according to various categories and we will draw conclusions about what can be learned and what should be learned. Furthermore, we will give an outlook on problems that are challenging today but might be solved by machine learning in the future and argue that classical robotics and other approaches from artificial intelligence should be integrated more with machine learning to form complete, autonomous systems. 

061__ A Novel Deep Decision-Making Process for Whole Brain MRI  Segmentation__arXiv:1906.01862
Author: Pierrick Coup
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01862
 Abstract: Whole brain segmentation using deep learning (DL) is a very challenging task since the number of anatomical labels is very high compared to the number of available training images. To address this problem, previous DL methods proposed to use a global convolution neural network (CNN) or few independent CNNs. In this paper, we present a novel ensemble method based on a large number of CNNs processing different overlapping brain areas. Inspired by parliamentary decision-making systems, we propose a framework called AssemblyNet, made of two "assemblies" of U-Nets. Such a parliamentary system is capable of dealing with complex decisions and reaching a consensus quickly. AssemblyNet introduces sharing of knowledge among neighboring U-Nets, an "amendment" procedure made by the second assembly at higher-resolution to refine the decision taken by the first one, and a final decision obtained by majority voting. When using the same 45 training images, AssemblyNet outperforms global U-Net by 28% in terms of the Dice metric, patch-based joint label fusion by 15% and SLANT-27 by 10%. Finally, AssemblyNet demonstrates high capacity to deal with limited training data to achieve whole brain segmentation in practical training and testing times. 

062__ Independent Range Sampling in High Dimensions__arXiv:1906.01859
Author: Martin Aumller
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01859
 Abstract: Similarity search is a fundamental algorithmic primitive, widely used in many computer science disciplines. There are several variants of the similarity search problem, and one of the most relevant is the $r$-near neighbor ($r$-NN) problem: given a radius $r>0$ and a set of points $S$, construct a data structure that, for any given query point $q$, returns a point $p$ within distance at most $r$ from $q$. In this paper, we study the $r$-NN problem in the light of fairness. We consider fairness in the sense of equal opportunity: all points that are within distance $r$ from the query should have the same probability to be returned. Locality sensitive hashing (LSH), the most common approach to similarity search in high dimensions, does not provide such a fairness guarantee. To address this, we propose efficient data structures for $r$-NN where all points in $S$ that are near $q$ have the same probability to be selected and returned by the query. Specifically, we first propose a black-box approach that, given any LSH scheme, constructs a data structure for uniformly sampling points in the neighborhood of a query. Then, we develop a data structure for fair similarity search under inner product, which requires nearly-linear space and exploits locality sensitive filters. 

063__ Probabilistic hypergraph grammars for efficient molecular optimization__arXiv:1906.01845
Author: Egor Kraev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01845
 Abstract: We present an approach to make molecular optimization more efficient. We infer a hypergraph replacement grammar from the ChEMBL database, count the frequencies of particular rules being used to expand particular nonterminals in other rules, and use these as conditional priors for the policy model. Simulating random molecules from the resulting probabilistic grammar, we show that conditional priors result in a molecular distribution closer to the training set than using equal rule probabilities or unconditional priors. We then treat molecular optimization as a reinforcement learning problem, using a novel modification of the policy gradient algorithm - batch-advantage: using individual rewards minus the batch average reward to weight the log probability loss. The reinforcement learning agent is tasked with building molecules using this grammar, with the goal of maximizing benchmark scores available from the literature. To do so, the agent has policies both to choose the next node in the graph to expand and to select the next grammar rule to apply. The policies are implemented using the Transformer architecture with the partially expanded graph as the input at each step. We show that using the empirical priors as the starting point for a policy eliminates the need for pre-training, and allows us to reach optima faster. We achieve competitive performance on common benchmarks from the literature, such as penalized logP and QED, with only hundreds of training steps on a budget GPU instance. 

064__ Improving Textual Network Embedding with Global Attention via Optimal  Transport__arXiv:1906.01840
Author: Liqun Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01840
 Abstract: Constituting highly informative network embeddings is an important tool for network analysis. It encodes network topology, along with other useful side information, into low-dimensional node-based feature representations that can be exploited by statistical modeling. This work focuses on learning context-aware network embeddings augmented with text data. We reformulate the network-embedding problem, and present two novel strategies to improve over traditional attention mechanisms: ($i$) a content-aware sparse attention module based on optimal transport, and ($ii$) a high-level attention parsing module. Our approach yields naturally sparse and self-normalized relational inference. It can capture long-term interactions between sequences, thus addressing the challenges faced by existing textual network embedding schemes. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate our model can consistently outperform alternative state-of-the-art methods. 

065__ A Multi-Topic Corpus for Target-based Sentiment Analysis in  Arabic Levantine Tweets__arXiv:1906.01830
Author: Ramy Baly
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01830
 Abstract: Sentiment analysis is a highly subjective and challenging task. Its complexity further increases when applied to the Arabic language, mainly because of the large variety of dialects that are unstandardized and widely used in the Web, especially in social media. While many datasets have been released to train sentiment classifiers in Arabic, most of these datasets contain shallow annotation, only marking the sentiment of the text unit, as a word, a sentence or a document. In this paper, we present the Arabic Sentiment Twitter Dataset for the Levantine dialect (ArSenTD-LEV). Based on findings from analyzing tweets from the Levant region, we created a dataset of 4,000 tweets with the following annotations: the overall sentiment of the tweet, the target to which the sentiment was expressed, how the sentiment was expressed, and the topic of the tweet. Results confirm the importance of these annotations at improving the performance of a baseline sentiment classifier. They also confirm the gap of training in a certain domain, and testing in another domain. 

066__ One-pass Multi-task Networks with Cross-task Guided Attention for Brain  Tumor Segmentation__arXiv:1906.01796
Author: Chenhong Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01796
 Abstract: Class imbalance has been one of the major challenges for medical image segmentation. The model cascade (MC) strategy significantly alleviates class imbalance issue. In spite of its outstanding performance, this method leads to an undesired system complexity and meanwhile ignores the relevance among the models. To handle these flaws of MC, we propose in this paper a light-weight deep model, i.e., the One-pass Multi-task Network (OM-Net) to solve class imbalance better than MC and require only one-pass computation for brain tumor segmentation. First, OM-Net integrates the separate segmentation tasks into one deep model. Second, to optimize OM-Net more effectively, we take advantage of the correlation among tasks to design an online training data transfer strategy and a curriculum learning-based training strategy. Third, we further propose to share prediction results between tasks, which enables us to design a cross-task guided attention (CGA) module. With the guidance of prediction results provided by the previous task, CGA can adaptively recalibrate channel-wise feature responses based on the category-specific statistics. Finally, a simple yet effective post-processing method is introduced to refine the segmentation results of the proposed attention network. Extensive experiments are performed to justify the effectiveness of the proposed techniques. Most impressively, we achieve state-of-the-art performance on the BraTS 2015 and BraTS 2017 datasets. With the proposed approaches, we also won the joint third place in the BraTS 2018 challenge among 64 participating teams. We will make the code publicly available at this https URL 

067__ Dual Cross-Shared RNN for Aspect Term-Polarity Co-Extraction__arXiv:1906.01794
Author: Huaishao Luo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01794
 Abstract: This paper focuses on two related subtasks of aspect-based sentiment analysis, namely aspect term extraction and aspect sentiment classification, which we call aspect term-polarity co-extraction. The former task is to extract aspects of a product or service from an opinion document, and the latter is to identify the polarity expressed in the document about these extracted aspects. Most existing algorithms address them as two separate tasks and solve them one by one, or only perform one task, which can be complicated for real applications. In this paper, we treat these two tasks as two sequence labeling problems and propose a novel Dual crOss-sharEd RNN framework (DOER) to generate all aspect term-polarity pairs of the input sentence simultaneously. Specifically, DOER involves a dual recurrent neural network to extract the respective representation of each task, and a cross-shared unit to consider the relationship between them. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework outperforms state-of-the-art baselines on three benchmark datasets. 

068__ Learning Deep Transformer Models for Machine Translation__arXiv:1906.01787
Author: Qiang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01787
 Abstract: Transformer is the state-of-the-art model in recent machine translation evaluations. Two strands of research are promising to improve models of this kind: the first uses wide networks (a.k.a. Transformer-Big) and has been the de facto standard for the development of the Transformer system, and the other uses deeper language representation but faces the difficulty arising from learning deep networks. Here, we continue the line of research on the latter. We claim that a truly deep Transformer model can surpass the Transformer-Big counterpart by 1) proper use of layer normalization and 2) a novel way of passing the combination of previous layers to the next. On WMT'16 English- German, NIST OpenMT'12 Chinese-English and larger WMT'18 Chinese-English tasks, our deep system (30/25-layer encoder) outperforms the shallow Transformer-Big/Base baseline (6-layer encoder) by 0.4-2.4 BLEU points. As another bonus, the deep model is 1.6X smaller in size and 3X faster in training than Transformer-Big. 

069__ A Deep Learning Approach to Extract Topological Persistence  Images__arXiv:1906.01769
Author: Anirudh Som
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01769
 Abstract: Topological features such as persistence diagrams and their functional approximations like persistence images (PIs) have been showing substantial promise for machine learning and computer vision applications. Key bottlenecks to their large scale adoption are computational expenditure and difficulty in incorporating them in a differentiable architecture. We take an important step in this paper to mitigate these bottlenecks by proposing a novel one-step approach to generate PIs directly from the input data. We propose a simple convolutional neural network architecture called PI-Net that allows us to learn mappings between the input data and PIs. We design two separate architectures, one designed to take in multi-variate time series signals as input and another that accepts multi-channel images as input. We call these networks Signal PI-Net and Image PI-Net respectively. To the best of our knowledge, we are the first to propose the use of deep learning for computing topological features directly from data. We explore the use of the proposed method on two applications: human activity recognition using accelerometer sensor data and image classification. We demonstrate the ease of fusing PIs in supervised deep learning architectures and speed up of several orders of magnitude for extracting PIs from data. Our code is available at this https URL 

070__ How Employees Collaborate Through  Group Chat__arXiv:1906.01756
Author: Dakuo Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01756
 Abstract: Despite the long history of studying instant messaging usage in organizations, we know very little about how today's people participate in group chat channels and interact with others. In this short note, we aim to update the existing knowledge on how group chat is used in the context of today's organizations. We have the privilege of collecting a total of 4300 publicly available group chat channels in Slack from an R\&D department in a multinational IT company. Through qualitative coding of 100 channels, we identified 9 channel categories such as project based channels and event channels. We further defined a feature metric with 21 features to depict the group communication style for these group chat channels, with which we successfully trained a machine learning model that can automatically classify a given group channel into one of the 9 categories. In addition, we illustrated how these communication metrics could be used for analyzing teams' collaboration activities. We focused on 117 project teams as we have their performance data, and further collected 54 out of the 117 teams' Slack group data and generated the communication style metrics for each of them. With these data, we are able to build a regression model to reveal the relationship between these group communication styles and one indicator of the project team performance. 

071__ Frchet random forests__arXiv:1906.01741
Author: Louis Capitaine
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01741
 Abstract: Random forests are a statistical learning method widely used in many areas of scientific research essentially for its ability to learn complex relationship between input and output variables and also its capacity to handle high-dimensional data. However, data are increasingly complex with repeated measures of omics, images leading to shapes, curves... Random forests method is not specifically tailored for them. In this paper, we introduce Fr\'echet trees and Fr\'echet random forests, which allow to manage data for which input and output variables take values in general metric spaces (which can be unordered). To this end, a new way of splitting the nodes of trees is introduced and the prediction procedures of trees and forests are generalized. Then, random forests out-of-bag error and variable importance score are naturally adapted. Finally, the method is studied in the special case of regression on curve shapes, both within a simulation study and a real dataset from an HIV vaccine trial. 

072__ The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Transformer Language Models in  Grammatical Error Correction__arXiv:1906.01733
Author: Dimitrios Alikaniotis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01733
 Abstract: Recent work on Grammatical Error Correction (GEC) has highlighted the importance of language modeling in that it is certainly possible to achieve good performance by comparing the probabilities of the proposed edits. At the same time, advancements in language modeling have managed to generate linguistic output, which is almost indistinguishable from that of human-generated text. In this paper, we up the ante by exploring the potential of more sophisticated language models in GEC and offer some key insights on their strengths and weaknesses. We show that, in line with recent results in other NLP tasks, Transformer architectures achieve consistently high performance and provide a competitive baseline for future machine learning models. 

073__ adaptive domain randomization via probabilistic inference for  robotics simulators__arXiv:1906.01728
Author: Fabio Ramos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01728
 Abstract: We introduce BayesSim, a framework for robotics simulations allowing a full Bayesian treatment for the parameters of the simulator. As simulators become more sophisticated and able to represent the dynamics more accurately, fundamental problems in robotics such as motion planning and perception can be solved in simulation and solutions transferred to the physical robot. However, even the most complex simulator might still not be able to represent reality in all its details either due to inaccurate parametrization or simplistic assumptions in the dynamic models. BayesSim provides a principled framework to reason about the uncertainty of simulation parameters. Given a black box simulator (or generative model) that outputs trajectories of state and action pairs from unknown simulation parameters, followed by trajectories obtained with a physical robot, we develop a likelihood-free inference method that computes the posterior distribution of simulation parameters. This posterior can then be used in problems where Sim2Real is critical, for example in policy search. We compare the performance of BayesSim in obtaining accurate posteriors in a number of classical control and robotics problems. Results show that the posterior computed from BayesSim can be used for domain randomization outperforming alternative methods that randomize based on uniform priors. 

074__ Fact Checking in Community Question Answering  Forums__arXiv:1906.01727
Author: Tsvetomila Mihaylova
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01727
 Abstract: We present SemEval-2019 Task 8 on Fact Checking in Community Question Answering Forums, which features two subtasks. Subtask A is about deciding whether a question asks for factual information vs. an opinion/advice vs. just socializing. Subtask B asks to predict whether an answer to a factual question is true, false or not a proper answer. We received 17 official submissions for subtask A and 11 official submissions for Subtask B. For subtask A, all systems improved over the majority class baseline. For Subtask B, all systems were below a majority class baseline, but several systems were very close to it. The leaderboard and the data from the competition can be found at this http URL 

075__ An Introduction to a New Text Classification and Visualization for  Natural Language Processing Using Topological Data Analysis__arXiv:1906.01726
Author: Naiereh Elyasi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01726
 Abstract: Topological Data Analysis (TDA) is a novel new and fast growing field of data science providing a set of new topological and geometric tools to derive relevant features out of complex high-dimensional data. In this paper we apply two of best methods in topological data analysis, "Persistent Homology" and "Mapper", in order to classify persian poems which has been composed by two of the best Iranian poets namely "Ferdowsi" and "Hafez". This article has two main parts, in the first part we explain the mathematics behind these two methods which is easy to understand for general audience and in the second part we describe our models and the results of applying TDA tools to NLP. 

076__ Improving Neural Language Models by Segmenting, Attending, and  Predicting the Future__arXiv:1906.01702
Author: Hongyin Luo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01702
 Abstract: Common language models typically predict the next word given the context. In this work, we propose a method that improves language modeling by learning to align the given context and the following phrase. The model does not require any linguistic annotation of phrase segmentation. Instead, we define syntactic heights and phrase segmentation rules, enabling the model to automatically induce phrases, recognize their task-specific heads, and generate phrase embeddings in an unsupervised learning manner. Our method can easily be applied to language models with different network architectures since an independent module is used for phrase induction and context-phrase alignment, and no change is required in the underlying language modeling network. Experiments have shown that our model outperformed several strong baseline models on different data sets. We achieved a new state-of-the-art performance of 17.4 perplexity on the Wikitext-103 dataset. Additionally, visualizing the outputs of the phrase induction module showed that our model is able to learn approximate phrase-level structural knowledge without any annotation. 

077__ A Multi-Pass GAN for Fluid Flow Super-Resolution__arXiv:1906.01689
Author: Maximilian Werhahn
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01689
 Abstract: We propose a novel method to up-sample volumetric functions with generative neural networks using several orthogonal passes. Our method decomposes generative problems on Cartesian field functions into multiple smaller sub-problems that can be learned more efficiently. Specifically, we utilize two separate generative adversarial networks: the first one up-scales slices which are parallel to the XY-plane, whereas the second one refines the whole volume along the Z-axis working on slices in the YZ-plane. In this way, we obtain full coverage for the 3D target function and can leverage spatio-temporal supervision with a set of discriminators. Additionally, we demonstrate that our method can be combined with curriculum learning and progressive growing approaches. We arrive at a first method that can up-sample volumes by a factor of eight along each dimension, i.e., increasing the number of degrees of freedom by 512. Large volumetric up-scaling factors such as this one have previously not been attainable as the required number of weights in the neural networks renders adversarial training runs prohibitively difficult. We demonstrate the generality of our trained networks with a series of comparisons to previous work, a variety of complex 3D results, and an analysis of the resulting performance. 

078__ Stochastic Gradients for Large-Scale Tensor Decomposition__arXiv:1906.01687
Author: Tamara G. Kolda
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01687
 Abstract: Tensor decomposition is a well-known tool for multiway data analysis. This work proposes using stochastic gradients for efficient generalized canonical polyadic (GCP) tensor decomposition of large-scale tensors. GCP tensor decomposition is a recently proposed version of tensor decomposition that allows for a variety of loss functions such as logistic loss for binary data or Huber loss for robust estimation. The stochastic gradient is formed from randomly sampled elements of the tensor. For dense tensors, we simply use uniform sampling. For sparse tensors, we propose two types of stratified sampling that give precedence to sampling nonzeros. Numerical results demonstrate the advantages of the proposed approach and its scalability to large-scale problems. 

079__ Collaborative Translational Metric Learning__arXiv:1906.01637
Author: Chanyoung Park
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01637
 Abstract: Recently, matrix factorization-based recommendation methods have been criticized for the problem raised by the triangle inequality violation. Although several metric learning-based approaches have been proposed to overcome this issue, existing approaches typically project each user to a single point in the metric space, and thus do not suffice for properly modeling the intensity and the heterogeneity of user-item relationships in implicit feedback. In this paper, we propose TransCF to discover such latent user-item relationships embodied in implicit user-item interactions. Inspired by the translation mechanism popularized by knowledge graph embedding, we construct user-item specific translation vectors by employing the neighborhood information of users and items, and translate each user toward items according to the user's relationships with the items. Our proposed method outperforms several state-of-the-art methods for top-N recommendation on seven real-world data by up to 17% in terms of hit ratio. We also conduct extensive qualitative evaluations on the translation vectors learned by our proposed method to ascertain the benefit of adopting the translation mechanism for implicit feedback-based recommendations. 

080__ Detecting Ghostwriters in High Schools__arXiv:1906.01635
Author: Magnus Stavngaard
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01635
 Abstract: Students hiring ghostwriters to write their assignments is an increasing problem in educational institutions all over the world, with companies selling these services as a product. In this work, we develop automatic techniques with special focus on detecting such ghostwriting in high school assignments. This is done by training deep neural networks on an unprecedented large amount of data supplied by the Danish company MaCom, which covers 90% of Danish high schools. We achieve an accuracy of 0.875 and a AUC score of 0.947 on an evenly split data set. 

081__ On the Realization of Compositionality in Neural Networks__arXiv:1906.01634
Author: Joris Baan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01634
 Abstract: We present a detailed comparison of two types of sequence to sequence models trained to conduct a compositional task. The models are architecturally identical at inference time, but differ in the way that they are trained: our baseline model is trained with a task-success signal only, while the other model receives additional supervision on its attention mechanism (Attentive Guidance), which has shown to be an effective method for encouraging more compositional solutions (Hupkes et al.,2019). We first confirm that the models with attentive guidance indeed infer more compositional solutions than the baseline, by training them on the lookup table task presented by Li\v{s}ka et al. (2019). We then do an in-depth analysis of the structural differences between the two model types, focusing in particular on the organisation of the parameter space and the hidden layer activations and find noticeable differences in both these aspects. Guided networks focus more on the components of the input rather than the sequence as a whole and develop small functional groups of neurons with specific purposes that use their gates more selectively. Results from parameter heat maps, component swapping and graph analysis also indicate that guided networks exhibit a more modular structure with a small number of specialized, strongly connected neurons. 