------------------------------
Mon, Jun 03  2019
------------------------------
126 new papers today.

001__ a robust representation of semantically constrained graphs with  an example application in chemistry__arXiv:1905.13741
Author: Mario Krenn
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13741
 Abstract: Graphs are ideal representations of complex, relational information. Their applications span diverse areas of science and engineering, such as Feynman diagrams in fundamental physics, the structures of molecules in chemistry or transport systems in urban planning. Recently, many of these examples turned into the spotlight as applications of machine learning (ML). There, common challenges to the successful deployment of ML are domain-specific constraints, which lead to semantically constrained graphs. While much progress has been achieved in the generation of valid graphs for domain- and model-specific applications, a general approach has not been demonstrated yet. Here, we present a general-purpose, sequence-based, robust representation of semantically constrained graphs, which we call SELFIES (SELF-referencIng Embedded Strings). SELFIES are based on a Chomsky type-2 grammar, augmented with two self-referencing functions. We demonstrate their applicability to represent chemical compound structures and compare them to perhaps the most popular 2D representation, SMILES, and other important baselines. We find stronger robustness against character mutations while still maintaining similar chemical properties. Even entirely random SELFIES produce semantically valid graphs in most of the cases. As feature representation in variational autoencoders, SELFIES provide a substantial improvement in the task of in reconstruction, validity, and diversity. We anticipate that SELFIES allow for direct applications in ML, without the need for domain-specific adaptation of model architectures. SELFIES are not limited to the structures of small molecules, and we show how to apply them to two other examples from the sciences: representations of DNA and interaction graphs for quantum mechanical experiments. 

002__ End to end learning and optimization on graphs__arXiv:1905.13732
Author: Bryan Wilder
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13732
 Abstract: Real-world applications often combine learning and optimization problems on graphs. For instance, our objective may be to cluster the graph in order to detect meaningful communities (or solve other common graph optimization problems such as facility location, maxcut, and so on). However, graphs or related attributes are often only partially observed, introducing learning problems such as link prediction which must be solved prior to optimization. We propose an approach to integrate a differentiable proxy for common graph optimization problems into training of machine learning models for tasks such as link prediction. This allows the model to focus specifically on the downstream task that its predictions will be used for. Experimental results show that our end-to-end system obtains better performance on example optimization tasks than can be obtained by combining state of the art link prediction methods with expert-designed graph optimization algorithms. 

003__ Pre-Training Graph Neural Networks for Generic Structural Feature  Extraction__arXiv:1905.13728
Author: Ziniu Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13728
 Abstract: Graph neural networks (GNNs) are shown to be successful in modeling applications with graph structures. However, training an accurate GNN model requires a large collection of labeled data and expressive features, which might be inaccessible for some applications. To tackle this problem, we propose a pre-training framework that captures generic graph structural information that is transferable across tasks. Our framework can leverage the following three tasks: 1) denoising link reconstruction, 2) centrality score ranking, and 3) cluster preserving. The pre-training procedure can be conducted purely on the synthetic graphs, and the pre-trained GNN is then adapted for downstream applications. With the proposed pre-training procedure, the generic structural information is learned and preserved, thus the pre-trained GNN requires less amount of labeled data and fewer domain-specific features to achieve high performance on different downstream tasks. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed framework can significantly enhance the performance of various tasks at the level of node, link, and graph. 

004__ Practical Low-Rank Gradient Compression for Distributed  Optimization__arXiv:1905.13727
Author: Thijs Vogels
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13727
 Abstract: We study gradient compression methods to alleviate the communication bottleneck in data-parallel distributed optimization. Despite the significant attention received, current compression schemes either do not scale well or fail to achieve the target test accuracy. We propose a new low-rank gradient compressor based on power iteration that can i) compress gradients rapidly, ii) efficiently aggregate the compressed gradients using all-reduce, and iii) achieve test performance on par with SGD. The proposed algorithm is the only method evaluated that achieves consistent wall-clock speedups when benchmarked against regular SGD with an optimized communication backend. We demonstrate reduced training times for convolutional networks as well as LSTMs on common datasets. Our code is available at this https URL 

005__ Are Labels Required for Improving Adversarial Robustness?__arXiv:1905.13725
Author: Jonathan Uesato*
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13725
 Abstract: Recent work has uncovered the interesting (and somewhat surprising) finding that training models to be invariant to adversarial perturbations requires substantially larger datasets than those required for standard classification. This result is a key hurdle in the deployment of robust machine learning models in many real world applications where labeled data is expensive. Our main insight is that unlabeled data can be a competitive alternative to labeled data for training adversarially robust models. Theoretically, we show that in a simple statistical setting, the sample complexity for learning an adversarially robust model from unlabeled data matches the fully supervised case up to constant factors. On standard datasets like CIFAR-10, a simple Unsupervised Adversarial Training (UAT) approach using unlabeled data improves robust accuracy by 21.7% over using 4K supervised examples alone, and captures over 95% of the improvement from the same number of labeled examples. Finally, we report an improvement of 4% over the previous state-of-the-art on CIFAR-10 against the strongest known attack by using additional unlabeled data from the uncurated 80 Million Tiny Images dataset. This demonstrates that our finding extends as well to the more realistic case where unlabeled data is also uncurated, therefore opening a new avenue for improving adversarial training. 

006__ Reinforcement Learning Experience Reuse with Policy Residual  Representation__arXiv:1905.13719
Author: Wen-Ji Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13719
 Abstract: Experience reuse is key to sample-efficient reinforcement learning. One of the critical issues is how the experience is represented and stored. Previously, the experience can be stored in the forms of features, individual models, and the average model, each lying at a different granularity. However, new tasks may require experience across multiple granularities. In this paper, we propose the policy residual representation (PRR) network, which can extract and store multiple levels of experience. PRR network is trained on a set of tasks with a multi-level architecture, where a module in each level corresponds to a subset of the tasks. Therefore, the PRR network represents the experience in a spectrum-like way. When training on a new task, PRR can provide different levels of experience for accelerating the learning. We experiment with the PRR network on a set of grid world navigation tasks, locomotion tasks, and fighting tasks in a video game. The results show that the PRR network leads to better reuse of experience and thus outperforms some state-of-the-art approaches. 

007__ Cascaded Algorithm-Selection and Hyper-Parameter Optimization with  Extreme-Region Upper Confidence Bound Bandit__arXiv:1905.13703
Author: Yi-Qi Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13703
 Abstract: An automatic machine learning (AutoML) task is to select the best algorithm and its hyper-parameters simultaneously. Previously, the hyper-parameters of all algorithms are joint as a single search space, which is not only huge but also redundant, because many dimensions of hyper-parameters are irrelevant with the selected algorithms. In this paper, we propose a cascaded approach for algorithm selection and hyper-parameter optimization. While a search procedure is employed at the level of hyper-parameter optimization, a bandit strategy runs at the level of algorithm selection to allocate the budget based on the search feedbacks. Since the bandit is required to select the algorithm with the maximum performance, instead of the average performance, we thus propose the extreme-region upper confidence bound (ER-UCB) strategy, which focuses on the extreme region of the underlying feedback distribution. We show theoretically that the ER-UCB has a regret upper bound $O\left(K \ln n\right)$ with independent feedbacks, which is as efficient as the classical UCB bandit. We also conduct experiments on a synthetic problem as well as a set of AutoML tasks. The results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. 

008__ Explainability Techniques for Graph Convolutional Networks__arXiv:1905.13686
Author: Federico Baldassarre
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13686
 Abstract: Graph Networks are used to make decisions in potentially complex scenarios but it is usually not obvious how or why they made them. In this work, we study the explainability of Graph Network decisions using two main classes of techniques, gradient-based and decomposition-based, on a toy dataset and a chemistry task. Our study sets the ground for future development as well as application to real-world problems. 

009__ Learning Sparse Networks Using Targeted Dropout__arXiv:1905.13678
Author: Aidan N. Gomez
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13678
 Abstract: Neural networks are easier to optimise when they have many more weights than are required for modelling the mapping from inputs to outputs. This suggests a two-stage learning procedure that first learns a large net and then prunes away connections or hidden units. But standard training does not necessarily encourage nets to be amenable to pruning. We introduce targeted dropout, a method for training a neural network so that it is robust to subsequent pruning. Before computing the gradients for each weight update, targeted dropout stochastically selects a set of units or weights to be dropped using a simple self-reinforcing sparsity criterion and then computes the gradients for the remaining weights. The resulting network is robust to post hoc pruning of weights or units that frequently occur in the dropped sets. The method improves upon more complicated sparsifying regularisers while being simple to implement and easy to tune. 

010__ Augmenting Transfer Learning with Semantic Reasoning__arXiv:1905.13672
Author: Freddy Lecue
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13672
 Abstract: Transfer learning aims at building robust prediction models by transferring knowledge gained from one problem to another. In the semantic Web, learning tasks are enhanced with semantic representations. We exploit their semantics to augment transfer learning by dealing with when to transfer with semantic measurements and what to transfer with semantic embeddings. We further present a general framework that integrates the above measurements and embeddings with existing transfer learning algorithms for higher performance. It has demonstrated to be robust in two real-world applications: bus delay forecasting and air quality forecasting. 

011__ On the Fairness of Disentangled Representations__arXiv:1905.13662
Author: Francesco Locatello
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13662
 Abstract: Recently there has been a significant interest in learning disentangled representations, as they promise increased interpretability, generalization to unseen scenarios and faster learning on downstream tasks. In this paper, we investigate the usefulness of different notions of disentanglement for improving the fairness of downstream prediction tasks based on representations. We consider the setting where the goal is to predict a target variable based on the learned representation of high-dimensional observations (such as images) that depend on both the target variable and an unobserved sensitive variable. We show that in this setting both the optimal and empirical predictions can be unfair, even if the target variable and the sensitive variable are independent. Analyzing more than 12600 trained representations of state-of-the-art disentangled models, we observe that various disentanglement scores are consistently correlated with increased fairness, suggesting that disentanglement may be a useful property to encourage fairness when sensitive variables are not observed. 

012__ Uncoupled Regression from Pairwise Comparison Data__arXiv:1905.13659
Author: Liyuan Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13659
 Abstract: Uncoupled regression is the problem to learn a model from unlabeled data and the set of target values while the correspondence between them is unknown. Such a situation arises in predicting anonymized targets that involve sensitive information, e.g., one's annual income. Since existing methods for uncoupled regression often require strong assumptions on the true target function, and thus, their range of applications is limited, we introduce a novel framework that does not require such assumptions in this paper. Our key idea is to utilize pairwise comparison data, which consists of pairs of unlabeled data that we know which one has a larger target value. Such pairwise comparison data is easy to collect, as typically discussed in the learning-to-rank scenario, and does not break the anonymity of data. We propose two practical methods for uncoupled regression from pairwise comparison data and show that the learned regression model converges to the optimal model with the optimal parametric convergence rate when the target variable distributes uniformly. Moreover, we empirically show that for linear models the proposed methods are comparable to ordinary supervised regression with labeled data. 

013__ Ordinal Regression as Structured Classification__arXiv:1905.13658
Author: Niall Twomey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13658
 Abstract: This paper extends the class of ordinal regression models with a structured interpretation of the problem by applying a novel treatment of encoded labels. The net effect of this is to transform the underlying problem from an ordinal regression task to a (structured) classification task which we solve with conditional random fields, thereby achieving a coherent and probabilistic model in which all model parameters are jointly learnt. Importantly, we show that although we have cast ordinal regression to classification, our method still fall within the class of decomposition methods in the ordinal regression ontology. This is an important link since our experience is that many applications of machine learning to healthcare ignores completely the important nature of the label ordering, and hence these approaches should considered naive in this ontology. We also show that our model is flexible both in how it adapts to data manifolds and in terms of the operations that are available for practitioner to execute. Our empirical evaluation demonstrates that the proposed approach overwhelmingly produces superior and often statistically significant results over baseline approaches on forty popular ordinal regression models, and demonstrate that the proposed model significantly out-performs baselines on synthetic and real datasets. Our implementation, together with scripts to reproduce the results of this work, will be available on a public GitHub repository. 

014__ Implicit Regularization in Deep Matrix Factorization__arXiv:1905.13655
Author: Sanjeev Arora
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13655
 Abstract: Efforts to understand the generalization mystery in deep learning have led to the belief that gradient-based optimization induces a form of implicit regularization, a bias towards models of low "complexity." We study the implicit regularization of gradient descent over deep linear neural networks for matrix completion and sensing --- a model referred to as deep matrix factorization. Our first finding, supported by theory and experiments, is that adding depth to a matrix factorization enhances an implicit tendency towards low-rank solutions, oftentimes leading to more accurate recovery. Secondly, we present theoretical and empirical arguments questioning a nascent view by which implicit regularization in matrix factorization can be captured using simple mathematical norms. Our results point to the possibility that the language of standard regularizers may not be rich enough to fully encompass the implicit regularization brought forth by gradient-based optimization. 

015__ L0 Regularization Based Neural Network Design and Compression__arXiv:1905.13652
Author: S. Asim Ahmed
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13652
 Abstract: We consider complexity of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and their associated massive over-parameterization. Such over-parametrization may entail susceptibility to adversarial attacks, loss of interpretability and adverse Size, Weight and Power - Cost (SWaP-C) considerations. We ask if there are methodical ways (regularization) to reduce complexity and how can we interpret trade-off between desired metric and complexity of DNN. Reducing complexity is directly applicable to scaling of AI applications to real world problems (especially for off-the-cloud applications). We show that presence and evaluation of the knee of the tradeoff curve. We apply a form of L0 regularization to MNIST data and signal modulation classifications. We show that such regularization captures saliency in the input space as well. 

016__ Scaffold-based molecular design using graph generative model__arXiv:1905.13639
Author: Jaechang Lim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13639
 Abstract: Searching new molecules in areas like drug discovery often starts from the core structures of candidate molecules to optimize the properties of interest. The way as such has called for a strategy of designing molecules retaining a particular scaffold as a substructure. On this account, our present work proposes a scaffold-based molecular generative model. The model generates molecular graphs by extending the graph of a scaffold through sequential additions of vertices and edges. In contrast to previous related models, our model guarantees the generated molecules to retain the given scaffold with certainty. Our evaluation of the model using unseen scaffolds showed the validity, uniqueness, and novelty of generated molecules as high as the case using seen scaffolds. This confirms that the model can generalize the learned chemical rules of adding atoms and bonds rather than simply memorizing the mapping from scaffolds to molecules during learning. Furthermore, despite the restraint of fixing core structures, our model could simultaneously control multiple molecular properties when generating new molecules. 

017__ Updates of Equilibrium Prop Match Gradients of Backprop Through Time in  an RNN with Static Input__arXiv:1905.13633
Author: Maxence Ernoult
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13633
 Abstract: Equilibrium Propagation (EP) is a biologically inspired learning algorithm for convergent recurrent neural networks, i.e. RNNs that are fed by a static input x and settle to a steady state. Training convergent RNNs consists in adjusting the weights until the steady state of output neurons coincides with a target y. Convergent RNNs can also be trained with the more conventional Backpropagation Through Time (BPTT) algorithm. In its original formulation EP was described in the case of real-time neuronal dynamics, which is computationally costly. In this work, we introduce a discrete-time version of EP with simplified equations and with reduced simulation time, bringing EP closer to practical machine learning tasks. We first prove theoretically, as well as numerically that the neural and weight updates of EP, computed by forward-time dynamics, are step-by-step equal to the ones obtained by BPTT, with gradients computed backward in time. The equality is strict when the transition function of the dynamics derives from a primitive function and the steady state is maintained long enough. We then show for more standard discrete-time neural network dynamics that the same property is approximately respected and we subsequently demonstrate training with EP with equivalent performance to BPTT. In particular, we define the first convolutional architecture trained with EP achieving ~ 1% test error on MNIST, which is the lowest error reported with EP. These results can guide the development of deep neural networks trained with EP. 

018__ Time Series Anomaly Detection Using Convolutional Neural Networks and  Transfer Learning__arXiv:1905.13628
Author: Tailai Wen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13628
 Abstract: Time series anomaly detection plays a critical role in automated monitoring systems. Most previous deep learning efforts related to time series anomaly detection were based on recurrent neural networks (RNN). In this paper, we propose a time series segmentation approach based on convolutional neural networks (CNN) for anomaly detection. Moreover, we propose a transfer learning framework that pretrains a model on a large-scale synthetic univariate time series data set and then fine-tunes its weights on small-scale, univariate or multivariate data sets with previously unseen classes of anomalies. For the multivariate case, we introduce a novel network architecture. The approach was tested on multiple synthetic and real data sets successfully. 

019__ Subspace Networks for Few-shot Classification__arXiv:1905.13613
Author: Arnout Devos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13613
 Abstract: We propose subspace networks for the problem of few-shot classification, where a classifier must generalize to new classes not seen in the training set, given only a small number of examples of each class. Subspace networks learn an embedding space in which classification can be performed by computing distances of embedded points to subspace representations of each class. The class subspaces are spanned by examples belonging to the same class, transformed by a learnable embedding function. Similarly to recent approaches for few-shot learning, subspace networks reflect a simple inductive bias that is beneficial in this limited-data regime and they achieve excellent results. In particular, our proposed method shows consistently better performance than other state-of-the-art few-shot distance-metric learning methods when the embedding function is deep or when training and testing domains are shifted. 

020__ Leveraging Trust and Distrust in Recommender Systems via Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.13612
Author: Dimitrios Rafailidis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13612
 Abstract: The data scarcity of user preferences and the cold-start problem often appear in real-world applications and limit the recommendation accuracy of collaborative filtering strategies. Leveraging the selections of social friends and foes can efficiently face both problems. In this study, we propose a strategy that performs social deep pairwise learning. Firstly, we design a ranking loss function incorporating multiple ranking criteria based on the choice in users, and the choice in their friends and foes to improve the accuracy in the top-k recommendation task. We capture the nonlinear correlations between user preferences and the social information of trust and distrust relationships via a deep learning strategy. In each backpropagation step, we follow a social negative sampling strategy to meet the multiple ranking criteria of our ranking loss function. We conduct comprehensive experiments on a benchmark dataset from Epinions, among the largest publicly available that has been reported in the relevant literature. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed model beats other state-of-the art methods, attaining an 11.49% average improvement over the most competitive model. We show that our deep learning strategy plays an important role in capturing the nonlinear correlations between user preferences and the social information of trust and distrust relationships, and demonstrate the importance of our social negative sampling strategy on the proposed model. error here, check on website.

022__ Differentiable Neural Architecture Search via Proximal Iterations__arXiv:1905.13577
Author: Quanming Yao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13577
 Abstract: Neural architecture search (NAS) recently attracts much research attention because of its ability to identify better architectures than handcrafted ones. However, many NAS methods, which optimize the search process in a discrete search space, need many GPU days for convergence. Recently, DARTS, which constructs a differentiable search space and then optimizes it by gradient descent, can obtain high-performance architecture and reduces the search time to several days. However, DARTS is still slow as it updates an ensemble of all operations and keeps only one after convergence. Besides, DARTS can converge to inferior architectures due to the strong correlation among operations. In this paper, we propose a new differentiable Neural Architecture Search method based on Proximal gradient descent (denoted as NASP). Different from DARTS, NASP reformulates the search process as an optimization problem with a constraint that only one operation is allowed to be updated during forward and backward propagation. Since the constraint is hard to deal with, we propose a new algorithm inspired by proximal iterations to solve it. Experiments on various tasks demonstrate that NASP can obtain high-performance architectures with 10 times of speedup on the computational time than DARTS. 

023__ Factorized Inference in Deep Markov Models for Incomplete Multimodal  Time Series__arXiv:1905.13570
Author: Zhi-Xuan Tan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13570
 Abstract: Integrating deep learning with latent state space models has the potential to yield temporal models that are powerful, yet tractable and interpretable. Unfortunately, current models are not designed to handle missing data or multiple data modalities, which are both prevalent in real-world data. In this work, we introduce a factorized inference method for Multimodal Deep Markov Models (MDMMs), allowing us to filter and smooth in the presence of missing data, while also performing uncertainty-aware multimodal fusion. We derive this method by factorizing the posterior p(z|x) for non-linear state space models, and develop a variational backward-forward algorithm for inference. Because our method handles incompleteness over both time and modalities, it is capable of interpolation, extrapolation, conditional generation, and label prediction in multimodal time series. We demonstrate these capabilities on both synthetic and real-world multimodal data under high levels of data deletion. Our method performs well even with more than 50% missing data, and outperforms existing deep approaches to inference in latent time series. 

024__ Quantization Loss Re-Learning Method__arXiv:1905.13568
Author: Kunping Li
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13568
 Abstract: In order to quantize the gate parameters of the LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) neural network model with almost no recognition performance degraded, a new quantization method named Quantization Loss Re-Learn Method is proposed in this paper. The method does lossy quantization on gate parameters during training iterations, and the weight parameters learn to offset the loss of gate parameters quantization by adjusting the gradient in back propagation during weight parameters optimization. We proved the effectiveness of this method through theoretical derivation and experiments. The gate parameters had been quantized to 0, 0.5, 1 three values, and on the Named Entity Recognition dataset, the F1 score of the model with the new quantization method on gate parameters decreased by only 0.7% compared to the baseline model. 

025__ Leveraging Simple Model Predictions for Enhancing its Performance__arXiv:1905.13565
Author: Amit Dhurandhar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13565
 Abstract: There has been recent interest in improving performance of simple models for multiple reasons such as interpretability, robust learning from small data, and deployment in memory constrained environments. In this paper, we propose a novel method SRatio that can utilize information from high performing complex models (viz. deep neural networks, boosted trees, random forests) to reweight a training dataset for a potentially low performing simple model such as a decision tree or a shallow network enhancing its performance. Our method also leverages the per sample hardness estimate of the simple model which is not the case with the prior works which primarily consider the complex model's confidences/predictions and is thus conceptually novel. Moreover, we generalize and formalize the concept of attaching probes to intermediate layers of a neural network, which was one of the main ideas in previous work, to other commonly used classifiers and incorporate this into our method. The benefit of these contributions is witnessed in the experiments where on 6 UCI datasets and CIFAR-10 we outperform competitors in a majority (16 out of 27) of the cases and tie for best performance in the remaining cases. In fact, in a couple of cases, we even approach the complex model's performance. We also show for popular loss functions such as cross-entropy loss, least squares loss, and hinge loss that the weighted loss minimized by simple models using our weighting is an upper bound on the loss of the complex model. 

026__ A Corrective Reinforcement Learning Framework__arXiv:1905.13562
Author: Mohammadreza Nazari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13562
 Abstract: Although reinforcement learning (RL) can provide reliable solutions in many settings, practitioners are often wary of the discrepancies between the RL solution and their status quo procedures. Therefore, they may be reluctant to adapt to the novel way of executing tasks proposed by RL. On the other hand, many real-world problems require relatively small adjustments from the status quo policies to achieve improved performance. Therefore, we propose a student-teacher RL mechanism in which the RL (the "student") learns to maximize its reward, subject to a constraint that bounds the difference between the RL policy and the "teacher" policy. The teacher can be another RL policy (e.g., trained under a slightly different setting), the status quo policy, or any other exogenous policy. We formulate this problem using a stochastic optimization model and solve it using a primal-dual policy gradient algorithm. We prove that the policy is asymptotically optimal. However, a naive implementation suffers from high variance and convergence to a stochastic optimal policy. With a few practical adjustments to address these issues, our numerical experiments confirm the effectiveness of our proposed method in multiple GridWorld scenarios. 

027__ Evaluating Artificial Systems for Pairwise Ranking Tasks Sensitive to  Individual Differences__arXiv:1905.13560
Author: Xing Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13560
 Abstract: Owing to the advancement of deep learning, artificial systems are now rival to humans in several pattern recognition tasks, such as visual recognition of object categories. However, this is only the case with the tasks for which correct answers exist independent of human perception. There is another type of tasks for which what to predict is human perception itself, in which there are often individual differences. Then, there are no longer single "correct" answers to predict, which makes evaluation of artificial systems difficult. In this paper, focusing on pairwise ranking tasks sensitive to individual differences, we propose an evaluation method. Given a ranking result for multiple item pairs that is generated by an artificial system, our method quantifies the probability that the same ranking result will be generated by humans, and judges if it is distinguishable from human-generated results. We introduce a probabilistic model of human ranking behavior, and present an efficient computation method for the judgment. To estimate model parameters accurately from small-size samples, we present a method that uses confidence scores given by annotators for ranking each item pair. Taking as an example a task of ranking image pairs according to material attributes of objects, we demonstrate how the proposed method works. 

028__ Advantage Amplification in Slowly Evolving Latent-State Environments__arXiv:1905.13559
Author: Martin Mladenov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13559
 Abstract: Latent-state environments with long horizons, such as those faced by recommender systems, pose significant challenges for reinforcement learning (RL). In this work, we identify and analyze several key hurdles for RL in such environments, including belief state error and small action advantage. We develop a general principle of advantage amplification that can overcome these hurdles through the use of temporal abstraction. We propose several aggregation methods and prove they induce amplification in certain settings. We also bound the loss in optimality incurred by our methods in environments where latent state evolves slowly and demonstrate their performance empirically in a stylized user-modeling task. 

029__ Recurrent Existence Determination Through Policy Optimization__arXiv:1905.13551
Author: Baoxiang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13551
 Abstract: Binary determination of the presence of objects is one of the problems where humans perform extraordinarily better than computer vision systems, in terms of both speed and preciseness. One of the possible reasons is that humans can skip most of the clutter and attend only on salient regions. Recurrent attention models (RAM) are the first computational models to imitate the way humans process images via the REINFORCE algorithm. Despite that RAM is originally designed for image recognition, we extend it and present recurrent existence determination, an attention-based mechanism to solve the existence determination. Our algorithm employs a novel $k$-maximum aggregation layer and a new reward mechanism to address the issue of delayed rewards, which would have caused the instability of the training process. The experimental analysis demonstrates significant efficiency and accuracy improvement over existing approaches, on both synthetic and real-world datasets. 

030__ A novel hybrid model based on multi-objective Harris hawks optimization  algorithm for daily PM2.5 and PM10 forecasting__arXiv:1905.13550
Author: Pei Du
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13550
 Abstract: High levels of air pollution may seriously affect people's living environment and even endanger their lives. In order to reduce air pollution concentrations, and warn the public before the occurrence of hazardous air pollutants, it is urgent to design an accurate and reliable air pollutant forecasting model. However, most previous research have many deficiencies, such as ignoring the importance of predictive stability, and poor initial parameters and so on, which have significantly effect on the performance of air pollution prediction. Therefore, to address these issues, a novel hybrid model is proposed in this study. Specifically, a powerful data preprocessing techniques is applied to decompose the original time series into different modes from low- frequency to high- frequency. Next, a new multi-objective algorithm called MOHHO is first developed in this study, which are introduced to tune the parameters of ELM model with high forecasting accuracy and stability for air pollution series prediction, simultaneously. And the optimized ELM model is used to perform the time series prediction. Finally, a scientific and robust evaluation system including several error criteria, benchmark models, and several experiments using six air pollutant concentrations time series from three cities in China is designed to perform a compressive assessment for the presented hybrid forecasting model. Experimental results indicate that the proposed hybrid model can guarantee a more stable and higher predictive performance compared to others, whose superior prediction ability may help to develop effective plans for air pollutant emissions and prevent health problems caused by air pollution. 

031__ Learning robust control for LQR systems with multiplicative noise via  policy gradient__arXiv:1905.13547
Author: Benjamin Gravell
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13547
 Abstract: The linear quadratic regulator (LQR) problem has reemerged as an important theoretical benchmark for reinforcement learning-based control of complex dynamical systems with continuous state and action spaces. In contrast with nearly all recent work in this area, we consider multiplicative noise models, which are increasingly relevant because they explicitly incorporate inherent uncertainty and variation in the system dynamics and thereby improve robustness properties of the controller. Robustness is a critical and poorly understood issue in reinforcement learning; existing methods which do not account for uncertainty can converge to fragile policies or fail to converge at all. Additionally, intentional injection of multiplicative noise into learning algorithms can enhance robustness of policies, as observed in ad hoc work on domain randomization. Although policy gradient algorithms require optimization of a non-convex cost function, we show that the multiplicative noise LQR cost has a special property called gradient domination, which is exploited to prove global convergence of policy gradient algorithms to the globally optimum control policy with polynomial dependence on problem parameters. Results are provided both in the model-known and model-unknown settings where samples of system trajectories are used to estimate policy gradients. 

032__ Bayesian Tensor Factorisation for Bottom-up Hidden Tree Markov Models__arXiv:1905.13528
Author: Daniele Castellana
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13528
 Abstract: Bottom-Up Hidden Tree Markov Model is a highly expressive model for tree-structured data. Unfortunately, it cannot be used in practice due to the intractable size of its state-transition matrix. We propose a new approximation which lies on the Tucker factorisation of tensors. The probabilistic interpretation of such approximation allows us to define a new probabilistic model for tree-structured data. Hence, we define the new approximated model and we derive its learning algorithm. Then, we empirically assess the effective power of the new model evaluating it on two different tasks. In both cases, our model outperforms the other approximated model known in the literature. error here, check on website.

034__ Interval timing in deep reinforcement learning agents__arXiv:1905.13469
Author: Ben Deverett
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13469
 Abstract: The measurement of time is central to intelligent behavior. We know that both animals and artificial agents can successfully use temporal dependencies to select actions. In artificial agents, little work has directly addressed (1) which architectural components are necessary for successful development of this ability, (2) how this timing ability comes to be represented in the units and actions of the agent, and (3) whether the resulting behavior of the system converges on solutions similar to those of biology. Here we studied interval timing abilities in deep reinforcement learning agents trained end-to-end on an interval reproduction paradigm inspired by experimental literature on mechanisms of timing. We characterize the strategies developed by recurrent and feedforward agents, which both succeed at temporal reproduction using distinct mechanisms, some of which bear specific and intriguing similarities to biological systems. These findings advance our understanding of how agents come to represent time, and they highlight the value of experimentally inspired approaches to characterizing agent abilities. 

035__ Neural Markov Logic Networks__arXiv:1905.13462
Author: Giuseppe Marra
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13462
 Abstract: We introduce Neural Markov Logic Networks (NMLNs), a statistical relational learning system that borrows ideas from Markov logic. Like Markov Logic Networks (MLNs), NMLNs are an exponential-family model for modelling distributions over possible worlds, but unlike MLNs, they do not rely on explicitly specified first-order logic rules. Instead, NMLNs learn an implicit representation of such rules as a neural network that acts as a potential function on fragments of the relational structure. Interestingly, any MLN can be represented as an NMLN. Similarly to recently proposed Neural theorem provers (NTPs) [Rockt\"aschel and Riedel, 2017], NMLNs can exploit embeddings of constants but, unlike NTPs, NMLNs work well also in their absence. This is extremely important for predicting in settings other than the transductive one. We showcase the potential of NMLNs on knowledge-base completion tasks and on generation of molecular (graph) data. 

036__ On the Necessity and Effectiveness of Learning the Prior of Variational  Auto-Encoder__arXiv:1905.13452
Author: Haowen Xu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13452
 Abstract: Using powerful posterior distributions is a popular approach to achieving better variational inference. However, recent works showed that the aggregated posterior may fail to match unit Gaussian prior, thus learning the prior becomes an alternative way to improve the lower-bound. In this paper, for the first time in the literature, we prove the necessity and effectiveness of learning the prior when aggregated posterior does not match unit Gaussian prior, analyze why this situation may happen, and propose a hypothesis that learning the prior may improve reconstruction loss, all of which are supported by our extensive experiment results. We show that using learned Real NVP prior and just one latent variable in VAE, we can achieve test NLL comparable to very deep state-of-the-art hierarchical VAE, outperforming many previous works with complex hierarchical VAE architectures. 

037__ an Information Theoretic Approach for Joint Learning from  Crowds__arXiv:1905.13436
Author: Peng Cao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13436
 Abstract: Eliciting labels from crowds is a potential way to obtain large labeled data. Despite a variety of methods developed for learning from crowds, a key challenge remains unsolved: \emph{learning from crowds without knowing the information structure among the crowds a priori, when some people of the crowds make highly correlated mistakes and some of them label effortlessly (e.g. randomly)}. We propose an information theoretic approach, Max-MIG, for joint learning from crowds, with a common assumption: the crowdsourced labels and the data are independent conditioning on the ground truth. Max-MIG simultaneously aggregates the crowdsourced labels and learns an accurate data classifier. Furthermore, we devise an accurate data-crowds forecaster that employs both the data and the crowdsourced labels to forecast the ground truth. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first algorithm that solves the aforementioned challenge of learning from crowds. In addition to the theoretical validation, we also empirically show that our algorithm achieves the new state-of-the-art results in most settings, including the real-world data, and is the first algorithm that is robust to various information structures. Codes are available at \hyperlink{https://github.com/Newbeeer/Max-MIG}{this https URL} 

038__ Attentional Policies for Cross-Context Multi-Agent Reinforcement  Learning__arXiv:1905.13428
Author: Matthew A. Wright
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13428
 Abstract: Many potential applications of reinforcement learning in the real world involve interacting with other agents whose numbers vary over time. We propose new neural policy architectures for these multi-agent problems. In contrast to other methods of training an individual, discrete policy for each agent and then enforcing cooperation through some additional inter-policy mechanism, we follow the spirit of recent work on the power of relational inductive biases in deep networks by learning multi-agent relationships at the policy level via an attentional architecture. In our method, all agents share the same policy, but independently apply it in their own context to aggregate the other agents' state information when selecting their next action. The structure of our architectures allow them to be applied on environments with varying numbers of agents. We demonstrate our architecture on a benchmark multi-agent autonomous vehicle coordination problem, obtaining superior results to a full-knowledge, fully-centralized reference solution, and significantly outperforming it when scaling to large numbers of agents. 

039__ Discriminative structural graph classification__arXiv:1905.13422
Author: Younjoo Seo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13422
 Abstract: This paper focuses on the discrimination capacity of aggregation functions: these are the permutation invariant functions used by graph neural networks to combine the features of nodes. Realizing that the most powerful aggregation functions suffer from a dimensionality curse, we consider a restricted setting. In particular, we show that the standard sum and a novel histogram-based function have the capacity to discriminate between any fixed number of inputs chosen by an adversary. Based on our insights, we design a graph neural network aiming, not to maximize discrimination capacity, but to learn discriminative graph representations that generalize well. Our empirical evaluation provides evidence that our choices can yield benefits to the problem of structural graph classification. 

040__ Sequence Modeling of Temporal Credit Assignment for Episodic  Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.13420
Author: Yang Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13420
 Abstract: Recent advances in deep reinforcement learning algorithms have shown great potential and success for solving many challenging real-world problems, including Go game and robotic applications. Usually, these algorithms need a carefully designed reward function to guide training in each time step. However, in real world, it is non-trivial to design such a reward function, and the only signal available is usually obtained at the end of a trajectory, also known as the episodic reward or return. In this work, we introduce a new algorithm for temporal credit assignment, which learns to decompose the episodic return back to each time-step in the trajectory using deep neural networks. With this learned reward signal, the learning efficiency can be substantially improved for episodic reinforcement learning. In particular, we find that expressive language models such as the Transformer can be adopted for learning the importance and the dependency of states in the trajectory, therefore providing high-quality and interpretable learned reward signals. We have performed extensive experiments on a set of MuJoCo continuous locomotive control tasks with only episodic returns and demonstrated the effectiveness of our algorithm. 

041__ Bypassing Backdoor Detection Algorithms in Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.13409
Author: Te Juin Lester Tan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13409
 Abstract: Deep learning models are known to be vulnerable to various adversarial manipulations of the training data, model parameters, and input data. In particular, an adversary can modify the training data and model parameters to embed backdoors into the model, so the model behaves according to the adversary's objective if the input contains the backdoor features (e.g., a stamp on an image). The poisoned model's behavior on clean data, however, remains unchanged. Many detection algorithms are designed to detect backdoors on input samples or model activation functions, in order to remove the backdoor. These algorithms rely on the statistical difference between the latent representations of backdoor-enabled and clean input data in the poisoned model. In this paper, we design an adversarial backdoor embedding algorithm that can bypass the existing detection algorithms including the state-of-the-art techniques (published in IEEE S\&P 2019 and NeurIPS 2018). We design a strategic adversarial training that optimizes the original loss function of the model, and also maximizes the indistinguishability of the hidden representations of poisoned data and clean data. We show the effectiveness of our attack on multiple datasets and model architectures. This work calls for designing adversary-aware defense mechanisms for backdoor detection algorithms. 

042__ Understanding Training Dynamics of Deep ReLU Networks__arXiv:1905.13405
Author: Yuandong Tian
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13405
 Abstract: We analyze the dynamics of training deep ReLU networks and their implications on generalization capability. Using a teacher-student setting, we discovered a novel relationship between the gradient received by hidden student nodes and the activations of teacher nodes for deep ReLU networks. With this relationship and the assumption of small overlapping teacher node activations, we prove that (1) student nodes whose weights are initialized to be close to teacher nodes converge to them at a faster rate, and (2) in over-parameterized regimes and 2-layer case, while a small set of lucky nodes do converge to the teacher nodes, the fan-out weights of other nodes converge to zero. This framework provides insight into multiple puzzling phenomena in deep learning like over-parameterization, implicit regularization, lottery tickets, etc. We verify our assumption by showing that the majority of BatchNorm biases of pre-trained VGG11/16 models are negative. Experiments on (1) random deep teacher networks with Gaussian inputs, (2) teacher network pre-trained on CIFAR-10 and (3) extensive ablation studies validate our multiple theoretical predictions. 

043__ Two Case studies  in Optimization and Signal Processing__arXiv:1905.13404
Author: Jesus A. De Loera
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13404
 Abstract: Machine learning algorithms typically rely on optimization subroutines and are well-known to provide very effective outcomes for many types of problems. Here, we flip the reliance and ask the reverse question: can machine learning algorithms lead to more effective outcomes for optimization problems? Our goal is to train machine learning methods to automatically improve the performance of optimization and signal processing algorithms. As a proof of concept, we use our approach to improve two popular data processing subroutines in data science: stochastic gradient descent and greedy methods in compressed sensing. We provide experimental results that demonstrate the answer is ``yes'', machine learning algorithms do lead to more effective outcomes for optimization problems, and show the future potential for this research direction. 

044__ Deep Bayesian Optimization on Attributed Graphs__arXiv:1905.13403
Author: Jiaxu Cui
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13403
 Abstract: Attributed graphs, which contain rich contextual features beyond just network structure, are ubiquitous and have been observed to benefit various network analytics applications. Graph structure optimization, aiming to find the optimal graphs in terms of some specific measures, has become an effective computational tool in complex network analysis. However, traditional model-free methods suffer from the expensive computational cost of evaluating graphs; existing vectorial Bayesian optimization methods cannot be directly applied to attributed graphs and have the scalability issue due to the use of Gaussian processes (GPs). To bridge the gap, in this paper, we propose a novel scalable Deep Graph Bayesian Optimization (DGBO) method on attributed graphs. The proposed DGBO prevents the cubical complexity of the GPs by adopting a deep graph neural network to surrogate black-box functions, and can scale linearly with the number of observations. Intensive experiments are conducted on both artificial and real-world problems, including molecular discovery and urban road network design, and demonstrate the effectiveness of the DGBO compared with the state-of-the-art. 

045__ Extending Deep Model Predictive Control with Safety Augmented Value  Estimation from Demonstrations__arXiv:1905.13402
Author: Brijen Thananjeyan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13402
 Abstract: Reinforcement learning (RL) for robotics is challenging due to the difficulty in hand-engineering a dense cost function, which can lead to unintended behavior, and dynamical uncertainty, which makes it hard to enforce constraints during learning. We address these issues with a new model-based reinforcement learning algorithm, safety augmented value estimation from demonstrations (SAVED), which uses supervision that only identifies task completion and a modest set of suboptimal demonstrations to constrain exploration and learn efficiently while handling complex constraints. We derive iterative improvement guarantees for SAVED under known stochastic nonlinear systems. We then compare SAVED with 3 state-of-the-art model-based and model-free RL algorithms on 6 standard simulation benchmarks involving navigation and manipulation and 2 real-world tasks on the da Vinci surgical robot. Results suggest that SAVED outperforms prior methods in terms of success rate, constraint satisfaction, and sample efficiency, making it feasible to safely learn complex maneuvers directly on a real robot in less than an hour. For tasks on the robot, baselines succeed less than 5% of the time while SAVED has a success rate of over 75% in the first 50 training iterations. 

046__ Stability Analysis using  Linearization__arXiv:1905.13386
Author: Kai Rothauge
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13386
 Abstract: We regard pre-trained residual networks (ResNets) as nonlinear systems and use linearization, a common method used in the qualitative analysis of nonlinear systems, to understand the behavior of the networks under small perturbations of the input images. We work with ResNet-56 and ResNet-110 trained on the CIFAR-10 data set. We linearize these networks at the level of residual units and network stages, and the singular value decomposition is used in the stability analysis of these components. It is found that most of the singular values of the linearizations of residual units are 1 and, in spite of the fact that the linearizations depend directly on the activation maps, the singular values differ only slightly for different input images. However, adjusting the scaling of the skip connection or the values of the weights in a residual unit has a significant impact on the singular value distributions. Inspection of how random and adversarial perturbations of input images propagate through the network reveals that there is a dramatic jump in the magnitude of adversarial perturbations towards the end of the final stage of the network that is not present in the case of random perturbations. We attempt to gain a better understanding of this phenomenon by projecting the perturbations onto singular vectors of the linearizations of the residual units. 

047__ Using Latent Variable Models to Observe Academic Pathways__arXiv:1905.13383
Author: Nate Gruver
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13383
 Abstract: Understanding large-scale patterns in student course enrollment is a problem of great interest to university administrators and educational researchers. Yet important decisions are often made without a good quantitative framework of the process underlying student choices. We propose a probabilistic approach to modelling course enrollment decisions, drawing inspiration from multilabel classification and mixture models. We use ten years of anonymized student transcripts from a large university to construct a Gaussian latent variable model that learns the joint distribution over course enrollments. The models allow for a diverse set of inference queries and robustness to data sparsity. We demonstrate the efficacy of this approach in comparison to others, including deep learning architectures, and demonstrate its ability to infer the underlying student interests that guide enrollment decisions. 

048__ Generating realistic molecular graphs with optimized  properties__arXiv:1905.13372
Author: Mariya Popova
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13372
 Abstract: Designing new molecules with a set of predefined properties is a core problem in modern drug discovery and development. There is a growing need for de-novo design methods that would address this problem. We present MolecularRNN, the graph recurrent generative model for molecular structures. Our model generates diverse realistic molecular graphs after likelihood pretraining on a big database of molecules. We perform an analysis of our pretrained models on large-scale generated datasets of 1 million samples. Further, the model is tuned with policy gradient algorithm, provided a critic that estimates the reward for the property of interest. We show a significant distribution shift to the desired range for lipophilicity, drug-likeness, and melting point outperforming state-of-the-art works. With the use of rejection sampling based on valency constraints, our model yields 100% validity. Moreover, we show that invalid molecules provide a rich signal to the model through the use of structure penalty in our reinforcement learning pipeline. 

049__ Fast Online "Next Best Offers" using Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.13368
Author: Rekha Singhal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13368
 Abstract: In this paper, we present iPrescribe, a scalable low-latency architecture for recommending 'next-best-offers' in an online setting. The paper presents the design of iPrescribe and compares its performance for implementations using different real-time streaming technology stacks. iPrescribe uses an ensemble of deep learning and machine learning algorithms for prediction. We describe the scalable real-time streaming technology stack and optimized machine-learning implementations to achieve a 90th percentile recommendation latency of 38 milliseconds. Optimizations include a novel mechanism to deploy recurrent Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) deep learning networks efficiently. 

050__ PAC-Bayes Un-Expected Bernstein Inequality__arXiv:1905.13367
Author: Zakaria Mhammedi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13367
 Abstract: We present a new PAC-Bayesian generalization bound. Standard bounds contain a $\sqrt{L_n \cdot \operatorname{KL}/n}$ complexity term which dominates unless $L_n$, the empirical error of the learning algorithm's randomized predictions, vanishes. We manage to replace $L_n$ by a term which vanishes in many more situations, essentially whenever the employed learning algorithm is sufficiently stable on the dataset at hand. Our new bound consistently beats state-of-the-art bounds both on a toy example and on UCI datasets (with large enough $n$). Theoretically, unlike existing bounds, our new bound can be expected to converge to $0$ faster whenever a Bernstein/Tsybakov condition holds, thus connecting PAC-Bayesian generalization and excess risk bounds --- for the latter it has long been known that faster convergence can be obtained under Bernstein conditions. Our main technical tool is a new concentration inequality which is like Bernstein's but with $X^2$ taken outside its expectation. 

051__ Efficient Forward Architecture Search__arXiv:1905.13360
Author: Hanzhang Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13360
 Abstract: We propose a neural architecture search (NAS) algorithm, Petridish, to iteratively add shortcut connections to existing network layers. The added shortcut connections effectively perform gradient boosting on the augmented layers. The proposed algorithm is motivated by the feature selection algorithm forward stage-wise linear regression, since we consider NAS as a generalization of feature selection for regression, where NAS selects shortcuts among layers instead of selecting features. In order to reduce the number of trials of possible connection combinations, we train jointly all possible connections at each stage of growth while leveraging feature selection techniques to choose a subset of them. We experimentally show this process to be an efficient forward architecture search algorithm that can find competitive models using few GPU days in both the search space of repeatable network modules (cell-search) and the space of general networks (macro-search). Petridish is particularly well-suited for warm-starting from existing models crucial for lifelong-learning scenarios. 

052__ Reinforcement Learning for Mean Field Game__arXiv:1905.13357
Author: Nilay Tiwari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13357
 Abstract: Stochastic games provide a framework for interactions among multi-agents and enable a myriad of applications. In these games, agents decide on actions simultaneously, the state of an agent moves to the next state, and each agent receives a reward. However, finding an equilibrium (if exists) in this game is often difficult when the number of agents become large. This paper focuses on finding a mean-field equilibrium (MFE) in an action coupled stochastic game setting in an episodic framework. It is assumed that the impact of the other agents' can be assumed by the empirical distribution of the mean of the actions. All agents know the action distribution and employ lower-myopic best response dynamics to choose the optimal oblivious strategy. This paper proposes a posterior sampling based approach for reinforcement learning in the mean-field game, where each agent samples a transition probability from the previous transitions. We show that the policy and action distributions converge to the optimal oblivious strategy and the limiting distribution, respectively, which constitute a MFE. 

053__ Power Weighted Shortest Paths for Unsupervised Learning__arXiv:1905.13345
Author: Daniel Mckenzie
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13345
 Abstract: We study the use of power weighted shortest path distance functions for clustering high dimensional Euclidean data, under the assumption that the data is drawn from a collection of disjoint low dimensional manifolds. We argue, theoretically and experimentally, that this leads to higher clustering accuracy. We also present a fast algorithm for computing these distances. 

054__ Deterministic PAC-Bayesian generalization bounds for deep networks via  generalizing noise-resilience__arXiv:1905.13344
Author: Vaishnavh Nagarajan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13344
 Abstract: The ability of overparameterized deep networks to generalize well has been linked to the fact that stochastic gradient descent (SGD) finds solutions that lie in flat, wide minima in the training loss -- minima where the output of the network is resilient to small random noise added to its parameters. So far this observation has been used to provide generalization guarantees only for neural networks whose parameters are either \textit{stochastic} or \textit{compressed}. In this work, we present a general PAC-Bayesian framework that leverages this observation to provide a bound on the original network learned -- a network that is deterministic and uncompressed. What enables us to do this is a key novelty in our approach: our framework allows us to show that if on training data, the interactions between the weight matrices satisfy certain conditions that imply a wide training loss minimum, these conditions themselves {\em generalize} to the interactions between the matrices on test data, thereby implying a wide test loss minimum. We then apply our general framework in a setup where we assume that the pre-activation values of the network are not too small (although we assume this only on the training data). In this setup, we provide a generalization guarantee for the original (deterministic, uncompressed) network, that does not scale with product of the spectral norms of the weight matrices -- a guarantee that would not have been possible with prior approaches. 

055__ All SMILES VAE__arXiv:1905.13343
Author: Zaccary Alperstein
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13343
 Abstract: Variational autoencoders (VAEs) defined over SMILES string and graph-based representations of molecules promise to improve the optimization of molecular properties, thereby revolutionizing the pharmaceuticals and materials industries. However, these VAEs are hindered by the non-unique nature of SMILES strings and the computational cost of graph convolutions. To efficiently pass messages along all paths through the molecular graph, we encode multiple SMILES strings of a single molecule using a set of stacked recurrent neural networks, pooling hidden representations of each atom between SMILES representations, and use attentional pooling to build a final fixed-length latent representation. By then decoding to a disjoint set of SMILES strings of the molecule, our All SMILES VAE learns an almost bijective mapping between molecules and latent representations near the high-probability-mass subspace of the prior. Our SMILES-derived but molecule-based latent representations significantly surpass the state-of-the-art in a variety of fully- and semi-supervised property regression and molecular property optimization tasks. 

056__ On Value Functions and the Agent-Environment Boundary__arXiv:1905.13341
Author: Nan Jiang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13341
 Abstract: When function approximation is deployed in reinforcement learning (RL), the same problem may be formulated in different ways, often by treating a pre-processing step as a part of the environment or as part of the agent. As a consequence, fundamental concepts in RL, such as (optimal) value functions, are not uniquely defined as they depend on where we draw this agent-environment boundary, causing problems in theoretical analyses that provide optimality guarantees. We address this issue via a simple and novel boundary-invariant analysis of Fitted Q-Iteration, a representative RL algorithm, where the assumptions and the guarantees are invariant to the choice of boundary. We also discuss closely related issues on state resetting and Monte-Carlo Tree Search, deterministic vs stochastic systems, imitation learning, and the verifiability of theoretical assumptions from data. 

057__ Discriminative Clustering for Robust Unsupervised Domain Adaptation__arXiv:1905.13331
Author: Rui Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13331
 Abstract: Unsupervised domain adaptation seeks to learn an invariant and discriminative representation for an unlabeled target domain by leveraging the information of a labeled source dataset. We propose to improve the discriminative ability of the target domain representation by simultaneously learning tightly clustered target representations while encouraging that each cluster is assigned to a unique and different class from the source. This strategy alleviates the effects of negative transfer when combined with adversarial domain matching between source and target representations. Our approach is robust to differences in the source and target label distributions and thus applicable to both balanced and imbalanced domain adaptation tasks, and with a simple extension, it can also be used for partial domain adaptation. Experiments on several benchmark datasets for domain adaptation demonstrate that our approach can achieve state-of-the-art performance in all three scenarios, namely, balanced, imbalanced and partial domain adaptation. 

058__ Combating the Compounding-Error Problem with a Multi-step Model__arXiv:1905.13320
Author: Kavosh Asadi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13320
 Abstract: Model-based reinforcement learning is an appealing framework for creating agents that learn, plan, and act in sequential environments. Model-based algorithms typically involve learning a transition model that takes a state and an action and outputs the next state---a one-step model. This model can be composed with itself to enable predicting multiple steps into the future, but one-step prediction errors can get magnified, leading to unacceptable inaccuracy. This compounding-error problem plagues planning and undermines model-based reinforcement learning. In this paper, we address the compounding-error problem by introducing a multi-step model that directly outputs the outcome of executing a sequence of actions. Novel theoretical and empirical results indicate that the multi-step model is more conducive to efficient value-function estimation, and it yields better action selection compared to the one-step model. These results make a strong case for using multi-step models in the context of model-based reinforcement learning. 

059__ Towards Multiplication-Less Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.13298
Author: Mostafa Elhoushi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13298
 Abstract: Deep learning models, especially DCNN have obtained high accuracies in several computer vision applications. However, for deployment in mobile environments, the high computation and power budget proves to be a major bottleneck. Convolution layers and fully connected layers, because of their intense use of multiplications, are the dominant contributer to this computation budget. This paper, proposes to tackle this problem by introducing two new operations: convolutional shifts and fully-connected shifts, that replace multiplications all together and use bitwise shift and bitwise negation instead. This family of neural network architectures (that use convolutional shifts and fully-connected shifts) are referred to as DeepShift models. With such DeepShift models that can be implemented with no multiplications, the authors have obtained accuracies of up to 93.6% on CIFAR10 dataset, and Top-1/Top-5 accuracies of 70.9%/90.13% on Imagenet dataset. Extensive testing is made on various well-known CNN architectures after converting all their convolution layers and fully connected layers to their bitwise shift counterparts, and we show that in some architectures, the Top-1 accuracy drops by less than 4% and the Top-5 accuracy drops by less than 1.5%. The experiments have been conducted on PyTorch framework and the code for training and running is submitted along with the paper and will be made available online. 

060__ A Review of Deep Learning with Special Emphasis on Architectures,  Applications and Recent Trends__arXiv:1905.13294
Author: Saptarshi Sengupta
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13294
 Abstract: Deep learning (DL) has solved a problem that as little as five years ago was thought by many to be intractable - the automatic recognition of patterns in data; and it can do so with accuracy that often surpasses human beings. It has solved problems beyond the realm of traditional, hand-crafted machine learning algorithms and captured the imagination of practitioners trying to make sense out of the flood of data that now inundates our society. As public awareness of the efficacy of DL increases so does the desire to make use of it. But even for highly trained professionals it can be daunting to approach the rapidly increasing body of knowledge produced by experts in the field. Where does one start? How does one determine if a particular model is applicable to their problem? How does one train and deploy such a network? A primer on the subject can be a good place to start. With that in mind, we present an overview of some of the key multilayer ANNs that comprise DL. We also discuss some new automatic architecture optimization protocols that use multi-agent approaches. Further, since guaranteeing system uptime is becoming critical to many computer applications, we include a section on using neural networks for fault detection and subsequent mitigation. This is followed by an exploratory survey of several application areas where DL has emerged as a game-changing technology: anomalous behavior detection in financial applications or in financial time-series forecasting, predictive and prescriptive analytics, medical image processing and analysis and power systems research. The thrust of this review is to outline emerging areas of application-oriented research within the DL community as well as to provide a reference to researchers seeking to use it in their work for what it does best: statistical pattern recognition with unparalleled learning capacity with the ability to scale with information. 

061__ On the Accuracy of Influence Functions for Measuring Group Effects__arXiv:1905.13289
Author: Pang Wei Koh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13289
 Abstract: Influence functions estimate the effect of removing particular training points on a model without needing to retrain it. They are based on a first-order approximation that is accurate for small changes in the model, and so are commonly used for studying the effect of individual points in large datasets. However, we often want to study the effects of large groups of training points, e.g., to diagnose batch effect or apportion credit between different data sources. Removing such large groups can result in significant changes to the model. Are influence functions still accurate in this setting? In this paper, we find that across many different types of groups and in a range of real-world datasets, the influence of a group correlates surprisingly well with its actual effect, even if the absolute and relative error can be large. Our theoretical analysis shows that such correlation arises under certain settings but need not hold in general, indicating that real-world datasets have particular properties that keep the influence approximation well-behaved. 

062__ Structured Output Learning with Conditional Generative Flows__arXiv:1905.13288
Author: You Lu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13288
 Abstract: Traditional structured prediction models try to learn the conditional likelihood, i.e., p(y|x), to capture the relationship between the structured output y and the input features x. For many models, computing the likelihood is intractable. These models are therefore hard to train, requiring the use of surrogate objectives or variational inference to approximate likelihood. In this paper, we propose conditional Glow (c-Glow), a conditional generative flow for structured output learning. C-Glow benefits from the ability of flow-based models to compute p(y|x) exactly and efficiently. Learning with c-Glow does not require a surrogate objective or performing inference during training. Once trained, we can directly and efficiently generate conditional samples to do structured prediction. We evaluate this approach on different structured prediction tasks and find c-Glow's structured outputs comparable in quality with state-of-the-art deep structured prediction approaches. 

063__ Identifying Classes Susceptible to Adversarial Attacks__arXiv:1905.13284
Author: Rangeet Pan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13284
 Abstract: Despite numerous attempts to defend deep learning based image classifiers, they remain susceptible to the adversarial attacks. This paper proposes a technique to identify susceptible classes, those classes that are more easily subverted. To identify the susceptible classes we use distance-based measures and apply them on a trained model. Based on the distance among original classes, we create mapping among original classes and adversarial classes that helps to reduce the randomness of a model to a significant amount in an adversarial setting. We analyze the high dimensional geometry among the feature classes and identify the k most susceptible target classes in an adversarial attack. We conduct experiments using MNIST, Fashion MNIST, CIFAR-10 (ImageNet and ResNet-32) datasets. Finally, we evaluate our techniques in order to determine which distance-based measure works best and how the randomness of a model changes with perturbation. 

064__ Fast rates for agnostic tensor  completion__arXiv:1905.13283
Author: Dylan J. Foster
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13283
 Abstract: We study tensor completion in the agnostic setting. In the classical tensor completion problem, we receive $n$ entries of an unknown rank-$r$ tensor and wish to exactly complete the remaining entries. In agnostic tensor completion, we make no assumption on the rank of the unknown tensor, but attempt to predict unknown entries as well as the best rank-$r$ tensor. For agnostic learning of third-order tensors with the square loss, we give the first polynomial time algorithm that obtains a "fast" (i.e., $O(1/n)$-type) rate improving over the rate obtained by reduction to matrix completion. Our prediction error rate to compete with the best $d\times{}d\times{}d$ tensor of rank-$r$ is $\tilde{O}(r^{2}d^{3/2}/n)$. We also obtain an exact oracle inequality that trades off estimation and approximation error. Our algorithm is based on the degree-six sum-of-squares relaxation of the tensor nuclear norm. The key feature of our analysis is to show that a certain characterization for the subgradient of the tensor nuclear norm can be encoded in the sum-of-squares proof system. This unlocks the standard toolbox for localization of empirical processes under the square loss, and allows us to establish restricted eigenvalue-type guarantees for various tensor regression models, with tensor completion as a special case. The new analysis of the relaxation complements Barak and Moitra (2016), who gave slow rates for agnostic tensor completion, and Potechin and Steurer (2017), who gave exact recovery guarantees for the noiseless setting. Our techniques are user-friendly, and we anticipate that they will find use elsewhere. 

065__ Weight Decay and Data  Augmentation Affect Early Learning Dynamics, Matter Little Near Convergence__arXiv:1905.13277
Author: Aditya Golatkar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13277
 Abstract: Regularization is typically understood as improving generalization by altering the landscape of local extrema to which the model eventually converges. Deep neural networks (DNNs), however, challenge this view: We show that removing regularization after an initial transient period has little effect on generalization, even if the final loss landscape is the same as if there had been no regularization. In some cases, generalization even improves after interrupting regularization. Conversely, if regularization is applied only after the initial transient, it has no effect on the final solution, whose generalization gap is as bad as if regularization never happened. This suggests that what matters for training deep networks is not just whether or how, but when to regularize. The phenomena we observe are manifest in different datasets (CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100), different architectures (ResNet-18, All-CNN), different regularization methods (weight decay, data augmentation), different learning rate schedules (exponential, piece-wise constant). They collectively suggest that there is a ``critical period'' for regularizing deep networks that is decisive of the final performance. More analysis should, therefore, focus on the transient rather than asymptotic behavior of learning. 

066__ Efficient Covariance Estimation from Temporal Data__arXiv:1905.13276
Author: Hrayr Harutyunyan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13276
 Abstract: Estimating the covariance structure of multivariate time series is a fundamental problem with a wide-range of real-world applications -- from financial modeling to fMRI analysis. Despite significant recent advances, current state-of-the-art methods are still severely limited in terms of scalability, and do not work well in high-dimensional undersampled regimes. In this work we propose a novel method called Temporal Correlation Explanation, or T-CorEx, that (a) has linear time and memory complexity with respect to the number of variables, and can scale to very large temporal datasets that are not tractable with existing methods; (b) gives state-of-the-art results in highly undersampled regimes on both synthetic and real-world datasets; and (c) makes minimal assumptions about the character of the dynamics of the system. T-CorEx optimizes an information-theoretic objective function to learn a latent factor graphical model for each time period and applies two regularization techniques to induce temporal consistency of estimates. We perform extensive evaluation of T-Corex using both synthetic and real-world data and demonstrate that it can be used for detecting sudden changes in the underlying covariance matrix, capturing transient correlations and analyzing extremely high-dimensional complex multivariate time series such as high-resolution fMRI data. 

067__ Exploring Computational User Models for Agent Policy Summarization__arXiv:1905.13271
Author: Isaac Lage
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13271
 Abstract: AI agents are being developed to support high stakes decision-making processes from driving cars to prescribing drugs, making it increasingly important for human users to understand their behavior. Policy summarization methods aim to convey strengths and weaknesses of such agents by demonstrating their behavior in a subset of informative states. Some policy summarization methods extract a summary that optimizes the ability to reconstruct the agent's policy under the assumption that users will deploy inverse reinforcement learning. In this paper, we explore the use of different models for extracting summaries. We introduce an imitation learning-based approach to policy summarization; we demonstrate through computational simulations that a mismatch between the model used to extract a summary and the model used to reconstruct the policy results in worse reconstruction quality; and we demonstrate through a human-subject study that people use different models to reconstruct policies in different contexts, and that matching the summary extraction model to these can improve performance. Together, our results suggest that it is important to carefully consider user models in policy summarization. 

068__ An extensive comparison__arXiv:1905.13268
Author: Johannes Gnther
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13268
 Abstract: Automation, the ability to run processes without human supervision, is one of the most important drivers of increased scalability and productivity. Modern automation largely relies on forms of closed loop control, wherein a controller interacts with a controlled process via actions, based on observations. Despite an increase in the use of machine learning for process control, most deployed controllers still are linear Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) controllers. PID controllers perform well on linear and near-linear systems but are not robust enough for more complex processes. As a main contribution of this paper, we examine the utility of extending standard PID controllers with General Dynamic Neural Networks (GDNN); we show that GDNN (neural) PID controllers perform well on a range of control systems and highlight what is needed to make them a stable, scalable, and interpretable option for control. To do so, we provide a comprehensive study using four different benchmark processes. All control environments are evaluated with and without noise as well as with and without disturbances. The neural PID controller performs better than standard PID control in 15 of 16 tasks and better than model-based control in 13 of 16 tasks. As a second contribution of this work, we address the Achilles heel that prevents neural networks from being used in real-world control processes so far: lack of interpretability. We use bounded-input bounded-output stability analysis to evaluate the parameters suggested by the neural network, thus making them understandable for human engineers. This combination of rigorous evaluation paired with better explainability is an important step towards the acceptance of neural-network-based control approaches for real-world systems. It is furthermore an important step towards explainable and safe applied artificial intelligence. 

069__ An Efficient Detection of Malware by Naive Bayes Classifier Using GPGPU__arXiv:1905.13746
Author: Sanjay K. Sahay
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13746
 Abstract: Due to continuous increase in the number of malware (according to AV-Test institute total ~8 x 10^8 malware are already known, and every day they register ~2.5 x 10^4 malware) and files in the computational devices, it is very important to design a system which not only effectively but can also efficiently detect the new or previously unseen malware to prevent/minimize the damages. Therefore, this paper presents a novel group-wise approach for the efficient detection of malware by parallelizing the classification using the power of GPGPU and shown that by using the Naive Bayes classifier the detection speed-up can be boosted up to 200x. The investigation also shows that the classification time increases significantly with the number of features. 

070__  Improvements and Optimality__arXiv:1905.13742
Author: Xiaoyi Mai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13742
 Abstract: In this article, we investigate a family of classification algorithms defined by the principle of empirical risk minimization, in the high dimensional regime where the feature dimension $p$ and data number $n$ are both large and comparable. Based on recent advances in high dimensional statistics and random matrix theory, we provide under mixture data model a unified stochastic characterization of classifiers learned with different loss functions. Our results are instrumental to an in-depth understanding as well as practical improvements on this fundamental classification approach. As the main outcome, we demonstrate the existence of a universally optimal loss function which yields the best high dimensional performance at any given $n/p$ ratio. 

071__ Unlabeled Data Improves Adversarial Robustness__arXiv:1905.13736
Author: Yair Carmon
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13736
 Abstract: We demonstrate, theoretically and empirically, that adversarial robustness can significantly benefit from semisupervised learning. Theoretically, we revisit the simple Gaussian model of Schmidt et al. that shows a sample complexity gap between standard and robust classification. We prove that this gap does not pertain to labels: a simple semisupervised learning procedure (self-training) achieves robust accuracy using the same number of labels required for standard accuracy. Empirically, we augment CIFAR-10 with 500K unlabeled images sourced from 80 Million Tiny Images and use robust self-training to outperform state-of-the-art robust accuracies by over 5 points in (i) $\ell_\infty$ robustness against several strong attacks via adversarial training and (ii) certified $\ell_2$ and $\ell_\infty$ robustness via randomized smoothing. On SVHN, adding the dataset's own extra training set with the labels removed provides gains of 4 to 10 points, within 1 point of the gain from using the extra labels as well. 

072__ Improved memory in recurrent neural networks with sequential non-normal  dynamics__arXiv:1905.13715
Author: A. Emin Orhan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13715
 Abstract: Training recurrent neural networks (RNNs) is a hard problem due to degeneracies in the optimization landscape, a problem also known as the vanishing/exploding gradients problem. Short of designing new RNN architectures, various methods for dealing with this problem that have been previously proposed usually boil down to orthogonalization of the recurrent dynamics, either at initialization or during the entire training period. The basic motivation behind these methods is that orthogonal transformations are isometries of the Euclidean space, hence they preserve (Euclidean) norms and effectively deal with the vanishing/exploding gradients problem. However, this idea ignores the crucial effects of non-linearity and noise. In the presence of a non-linearity, orthogonal transformations no longer preserve norms, suggesting that alternative transformations might be better suited to non-linear networks. Moreover, in the presence of noise, norm preservation itself ceases to be the ideal objective. A more sensible objective is maximizing the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the propagated signal instead. Previous work has shown that in the linear case, recurrent networks that maximize the SNR display strongly non-normal dynamics and orthogonal networks are highly suboptimal by this measure. Motivated by this finding, in this paper, we investigate the potential of non-normal RNNs, i.e. RNNs with a non-normal recurrent connectivity matrix, in sequential processing tasks. Our experimental results show that non-normal RNNs significantly outperform their orthogonal counterparts in a diverse range of benchmarks. We also find evidence for increased non-normality and hidden chain-like feedforward structures in trained RNNs initialized with orthogonal recurrent connectivity matrices. 

073__ Neural Likelihoods for Multi-Output Gaussian Processes__arXiv:1905.13697
Author: Martin Jankowiak
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13697
 Abstract: We construct flexible likelihoods for multi-output Gaussian process models that leverage neural networks as components. We make use of sparse variational inference methods to enable scalable approximate inference for the resulting class of models. An attractive feature of these models is that they can admit analytic predictive means even when the likelihood is non-linear and the predictive distributions are non-Gaussian. We validate the modeling potential of these models in a variety of experiments in both the supervised and unsupervised setting. We demonstrate that the flexibility of these `neural' likelihoods can improve prediction quality as compared to simpler Gaussian process models and that neural likelihoods can be readily combined with a variety of underlying Gaussian process models, including deep Gaussian processes. 

074__ An R package to estimate the Hoeffding decomposition of an  unknown function by solving RKHS Ridge Group Sparse optimization problem__arXiv:1905.13695
Author: Halaleh Kamari
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13695
 Abstract: In the context of the Gaussian regression model, RKHSMetaMod estimates a meta model by solving the Ridge Group Sparse Optimization Problem based on the Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces (RKHS). The estimated meta model is an additive model that satisfies the properties of the Hoeffding decomposition, and its terms estimate the terms in the Hoeffding decomposition of the unkwown regression function. This package provides an interface from R statistical computing environment to the C++ libraries Eigen and GSL. It uses the efficient C++ functions through RcppEigen and RcppGSL packages to speed up the execution time and the R environment in order to propose an user friendly package. 

075__ Information Minimization In Emergent Languages__arXiv:1905.13687
Author: Eugene Kharitonov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13687
 Abstract: There is a growing interest in studying the languages emerging when neural agents are jointly trained to solve tasks that require communication through discrete messages. We investigate here the information-theoretic complexity of such languages, focusing on the most basic two-agent, one-symbol, one-exchange setup. We find that, under common training procedures, the emergent languages are subject to an information minimization pressure: The mutual information between the communicating agent's inputs and the messages is close to the minimum that still allows the task to be solved. After verifying this information minimization property, we perform experiments showing that a stronger discrete-channel-driven information minimization pressure leads to increased robustness to overfitting and to adversarial attacks. We conclude by discussing the implications of our findings for the studies of artificial and natural language emergence, and for representation learning. 

076__ Distributed Submodular Minimization via Block-Wise Updates and  Communications__arXiv:1905.13682
Author: Francesco Farina
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13682
 Abstract: In this paper we deal with a network of computing agents with local processing and neighboring communication capabilities that aim at solving (without any central unit) a submodular optimization problem. The cost function is the sum of many local submodular functions and each agent in the network has access to one function in the sum only. In this \emph{distributed} set-up, in order to preserve their own privacy, agents communicate with neighbors but do not share their local cost functions. We propose a distributed algorithm in which agents resort to the Lov\`{a}sz extension of their local submodular functions and perform local updates and communications in terms of single blocks of the entire optimization variable. Updates are performed by means of a greedy algorithm which is run only until the selected block is computed, thus resulting in a reduced computational burden. The proposed algorithm is shown to converge in expected value to the optimal cost of the problem, and an approximate solution to the submodular problem is retrieved by a thresholding operation. As an application, we consider a distributed image segmentation problem in which each agent has access only to a portion of the entire image. While agent cannot segment the entire image on their own, they correctly complete the task by cooperating through the proposed distributed algorithm. 

077__ A Study  on Machine Learning Models__arXiv:1905.13668
Author: Jens Schreiber
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13668
 Abstract: Despite the increasing importance of forecasts of renewable energy, current planning studies only address a general estimate of the forecast quality to be expected and selected forecast horizons. However, these estimates allow only a limited and highly uncertain use in the planning of electric power distribution. More reliable planning processes require considerably more information about future forecast quality. In this article, we present an in-depth analysis and comparison of influencing factors regarding uncertainty in wind and photovoltaic power forecasts, based on four different machine learning (ML) models. In our analysis, we found substantial differences in uncertainty depending on ML models, data coverage, and seasonal patterns that have to be considered in future planning studies. 

078__ Partial Scan Electron Microscopy with Deep Learning__arXiv:1905.13667
Author: Jeffrey M. Ede
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13667
 Abstract: We present a multi-scale conditional generative adversarial network that completes 512$\times$512 electron micrographs from partial scans. This allows electron beam exposure and scan time to be reduced by 20$\times$ with a 2.6% intensity error. Our network is trained end-to-end on partial scans created from a new dataset of 16227 scanning transmission electron micrographs. High performance is achieved with adaptive learning rate clipping of outlier losses and an auxiliary trainer network. Source code and links to our new dataset and trained network have been made publicly available at this https URL 

079__ Sparse Approximate Cross-Validation for High-Dimensional GLMs__arXiv:1905.13657
Author: William Stephenson
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13657
 Abstract: Leave-one-out cross validation (LOOCV) can be particularly accurate among CV variants for estimating out-of-sample error. Unfortunately, LOOCV requires re-fitting a model $N$ times for a dataset of size $N$. To avoid this prohibitive computational expense, a number of authors have proposed approximations to LOOCV. These approximations work well when the unknown parameter is of small, fixed dimension but suffer in high dimensions; they incur a running time roughly cubic in the dimension, and, in fact, we show their accuracy significantly deteriorates in high dimensions. We demonstrate that these difficulties can be surmounted in $\ell_1$-regularized generalized linear models when we assume that the unknown parameter, while high dimensional, has a small support. In particular, we show that, under interpretable conditions, the support of the recovered parameter does not change as each datapoint is left out. This result implies that the previously proposed heuristic of only approximating CV along the support of the recovered parameter has running time and error that scale with the (small) support size even when the full dimension is large. Experiments on synthetic and real data support the accuracy of our approximations. 

080__ Training Dynamics of Deep Networks using Stochastic Gradient Descent via  Neural Tangent Kernel__arXiv:1905.13654
Author: Soufiane Hayou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13654
 Abstract: Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is widely used to train deep neural networks. However, few theoretical results on the training dynamics of SGD are available. Recent work by Jacot et al. (2018) has showed that training a neural network of any kind with a full batch gradient descent in parameter space is equivalent to kernel gradient descent in function space with respect to the Neural Tangent Kernel (NTK). Lee et al. (2019) built on this result to show that the output of a neural network trained using full batch gradient descent can be approximated by a linear model for wide neural networks. We show here how these results can be extended to SGD. In this case, the resulting training dynamics is given by a stochastic differential equation dependent on the NTK which becomes a simple mean-reverting process for the squared loss. When the network depth is also large, we provide a comprehensive analysis on the impact of the initialization and the activation function on the NTK, and thus on the corresponding training dynamics under SGD. We provide experiments illustrating our theoretical results. 

081__ \\ Removing Bias via Projections__arXiv:1905.13651
Author: Aris Anagnostopoulos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13651
 Abstract: Reducing hidden bias in the data and ensuring fairness in algorithmic data analysis has recently received significant attention. We complement several recent papers in this line of research by introducing a general method to reduce bias in the data through random projections in a ``fair'' subspace. We apply this method to densest subgraph and $k$-means. For densest subgraph, our approach based on fair projections allows to recover both theoretically and empirically an almost optimal, fair, dense subgraph hidden in the input data. We also show that, under the small set expansion hypothesis, approximating this problem beyond a factor of $2$ is NP-hard and we show a polynomial time algorithm with a matching approximation bound. We further apply our method to $k$-means. In a previous paper, Chierichetti et al.~[NIPS 2017] showed that problems such as $k$-means can be approximated up to a constant factor while ensuring that none of two protected class (e.g., gender, ethnicity) is disparately impacted. We show that fair projections generalize the concept of fairlet introduced by Chierichietti et al. to any number of protected attributes and improve empirically the quality of the resulting clustering. We also present the first constant-factor approximation for an arbitrary number of protected attributes thus settling an open problem recently addressed in several works. 

082__ A Graph-Structured Network for Multi-Party Dialogues__arXiv:1905.13637
Author: Wenpeng Hu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13637
 Abstract: Existing neural models for dialogue response generation assume that utterances are sequentially organized. However, many real-world dialogues involve multiple interlocutors (i.e., multi-party dialogues), where the assumption does not hold as utterances from different interlocutors can occur "in parallel." This paper generalizes existing sequence-based models to a Graph-Structured neural Network (GSN) for dialogue modeling. The core of GSN is a graph-based encoder that can model the information flow along the graph-structured dialogues (two-party sequential dialogues are a special case). Experimental results show that GSN significantly outperforms existing sequence-based models. 

083__ A multi-series framework for demand forecasts in E-commerce__arXiv:1905.13614
Author: Rmy Garnier
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13614
 Abstract: Sales forecasts are crucial for the E-commerce business. State-of-the-art techniques typically apply only univariate methods to make prediction for each series independently. However, due to the short nature of sales times series in E-commerce, univariate methods don't apply well. In this article, we propose a global model which outperforms state-of-the-art models on real dataset. It is achieved by using Tree Boosting Methods that exploit non-linearity and cross-series information. We also proposed a preprocessing framework to overcome the inherent difficulties in the E-commerce data. In particular, we use different schemes to limit the impact of the volatility of the data. 

084__ ADMM for Efficient Deep Learning with Global Convergence__arXiv:1905.13611
Author: Junxiang Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13611
 Abstract: Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) has been used successfully in many conventional machine learning applications and is considered to be a useful alternative to Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) as a deep learning optimizer. However, as an emerging domain, several challenges remain, including 1) The lack of global convergence guarantees, 2) Slow convergence towards solutions, and 3) Cubic time complexity with regard to feature dimensions. In this paper, we propose a novel optimization framework for deep learning via ADMM (dlADMM) to address these challenges simultaneously. The parameters in each layer are updated backward and then forward so that the parameter information in each layer is exchanged efficiently. The time complexity is reduced from cubic to quadratic in (latent) feature dimensions via a dedicated algorithm design for subproblems that enhances them utilizing iterative quadratic approximations and backtracking. Finally, we provide the first proof of global convergence for an ADMM-based method (dlADMM) in a deep neural network problem under mild conditions. Experiments on benchmark datasets demonstrated that our proposed dlADMM algorithm outperforms most of the comparison methods. 

085__ A Block Diagonal Markov Model for Indoor Software-Defined Power Line  Communication__arXiv:1905.13598
Author: Ayokunle Damilola Familua
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13598
 Abstract: A Semi-Hidden Markov Model (SHMM) for bursty error channels is defined by a state transition probability matrix $A$, a prior probability vector $\Pi$, and the state dependent output symbol error probability matrix $B$. Several processes are utilized for estimating $A$, $\Pi$ and $B$ from a given empirically obtained or simulated error sequence. However, despite placing some restrictions on the underlying Markov model structure, we still have a computationally intensive estimation procedure, especially given a large error sequence containing long burst of identical symbols. Thus, in this paper, we utilize under some moderate assumptions, a Markov model with random state transition matrix $A$ equivalent to a unique Block Diagonal Markov model with state transition matrix $\Lambda$ to model an indoor software-defined power line communication system. A computationally efficient modified Baum-Welch algorithm for estimation of $\Lambda$ given an experimentally obtained error sequence from the indoor PLC channel is utilized. Resulting Equivalent Block Diagonal Markov models assist designers to accelerate and facilitate the procedure of novel PLC systems design and evaluation. 

086__ Meniere's Disease Prognosis by Learning from Transient-Evoked  Otoacoustic Emission Signals__arXiv:1905.13573
Author: Sheng-Lun Kao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13573
 Abstract: Accurate prognosis of Meniere disease (MD) is difficult. The aim of this study is to treat it as a machine-learning problem through the analysis of transient-evoked (TE) otoacoustic emission (OAE) data obtained from MD patients. Thirty-three patients who received treatment were recruited, and their distortion-product (DP) OAE, TEOAE, as well as pure-tone audiograms were taken longitudinally up to 6 months after being diagnosed with MD. By hindsight, the patients were separated into two groups: those whose outer hair cell (OHC) functions eventually recovered, and those that did not. TEOAE signals between 2.5-20 ms were dimension-reduced via principal component analysis, and binary classification was performed via the support vector machine. Through cross-validation, we demonstrate that the accuracy of prognosis can reach >80% based on data obtained at the first visit. Further analysis also shows that the TEOAE group delay at 1k and 2k Hz tend to be longer for the group of ears that eventually recovered their OHC functions. The group delay can further be compared between the MD-affected ear and the opposite ear. The present results suggest that TEOAE signals provide abundant information for the prognosis of MD and the information could be extracted by applying machine-learning techniques. 

087__ Recent Advances in Imitation Learning from Observation__arXiv:1905.13566
Author: Faraz Torabi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13566
 Abstract: Imitation learning is the process by which one agent tries to learn how to perform a certain task using information generated by another, often more-expert agent performing that same task. Conventionally, the imitator has access to both state and action information generated by an expert performing the task (e.g., the expert may provide a kinesthetic demonstration of object placement using a robotic arm). However, requiring the action information prevents imitation learning from a large number of existing valuable learning resources such as online videos of humans performing tasks. To overcome this issue, the specific problem of imitation from observation (IfO) has recently garnered a great deal of attention, in which the imitator only has access to the state information (e.g., video frames) generated by the expert. In this paper, we provide a literature review of methods developed for IfO, and then point out some open research problems and potential future work. 

088__ Speaker Anonymization Using X-vector and Neural Waveform Models__arXiv:1905.13561
Author: Fuming Fang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13561
 Abstract: The social media revolution has produced a plethora of web services to which users can easily upload and share multimedia documents. Despite the popularity and convenience of such services, the sharing of such inherently personal data, including speech data, raises obvious security and privacy concerns. In particular, a user's speech data may be acquired and used with speech synthesis systems to produce high-quality speech utterances which reflect the same user's speaker identity. These utterances may then be used to attack speaker verification systems. One solution to mitigate these concerns involves the concealing of speaker identities before the sharing of speech data. For this purpose, we present a new approach to speaker anonymization. The idea is to extract linguistic and speaker identity features from an utterance and then to use these with neural acoustic and waveform models to synthesize anonymized speech. The original speaker identity, in the form of timbre, is suppressed and replaced with that of an anonymous pseudo identity. The approach exploits state-of-the-art x-vector speaker representations. These are used to derive anonymized pseudo speaker identities through the combination of multiple, random speaker x-vectors. Experimental results show that the proposed approach is effective in concealing speaker identities. It increases the equal error rate of a speaker verification system while maintaining high quality, anonymized speech. 

089__ Sparse optimal control of networks with multiplicative noise via policy  gradient__arXiv:1905.13548
Author: Benjamin Gravell
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13548
 Abstract: We give algorithms for designing near-optimal sparse controllers using policy gradient with applications to control of systems corrupted by multiplicative noise, which is increasingly important in emerging complex dynamical networks. Various regularization schemes are examined and incorporated into the optimization by the use of gradient, subgradient, and proximal gradient methods. Numerical experiments on a large networked system show that the algorithms converge to performant sparse mean-square stabilizing controllers. 

090__ Improving object detector performance and flexibility through  automatically generated training data and domain randomization__arXiv:1905.13546
Author: Oliver Struckmeier
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13546
 Abstract: In this technical report I present my method for automatic synthetic dataset generation for object detection and demonstrate it on the video game League of Legends. This report furthermore serves as a handbook on how to automatically generate datasets and as an introduction on the dataset generation part of the LeagueAI framework. The LeagueAI framework is a software framework that provides detailed information about the game League of Legends based on the same input a human player would have, namely vision. The framework allows researchers and enthusiasts to develop their own intelligent agents or to extract detailed information about the state of the game. A big problem of machine vision applications usually is the laborious work of gathering large amounts of hand labeled data. Thus, a crucial part of the vision pipeline of the LeagueAI framework, the dataset generation, is presented in this report. The method involves extracting image raw data from the game's 3D models and combining them with the game background to create game-like synthetic images and to generate the corresponding labels automatically. In an experiment I compared a model trained on synthetic data to a model trained on hand labeled data and a model trained on a combined dataset. The model trained on the synthetic data showed higher detection precision on more classes and more reliable tracking performance of the player character. The model trained on the combined dataset did not perform better because of the different formats of the older hand labeled dataset and the synthetic data. 

091__ High Frequency Component Helps Explain the Generalization of  Convolutional Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.13545
Author: Haohan Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13545
 Abstract: We investigate the relationship between the frequency spectrum of image data and the generalization behavior of convolutional neural networks (CNN). We first notice CNN's ability in capturing the high-frequency components of images. These high-frequency components are almost imperceptible to a human. Thus the observation can serve as one of the explanations of the existence of adversarial examples, and can also help verify CNN's trade-off between robustness and accuracy. Our observation also immediately leads to methods that can improve the adversarial robustness of trained CNN. Finally, we also utilize this observation to design a (semi) black-box adversarial attack method. 

092__ Dynamic Distribution Pruning for Efficient Network Architecture Search__arXiv:1905.13543
Author: Xiawu Zheng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13543
 Abstract: Network architectures obtained by Neural Architecture Search (NAS) have shown state-of-the-art performance in various computer vision tasks. Despite the exciting progress, the computational complexity of the forward-backward propagation and the search process makes it difficult to apply NAS in practice. In particular, most previous methods require thousands of GPU days for the search process to converge. In this paper, we propose a dynamic distribution pruning method towards extremely efficient NAS, which samples architectures from a joint categorical distribution. The search space is dynamically pruned every a few epochs to update this distribution, and the optimal neural architecture is obtained when there is only one structure remained. We conduct experiments on two widely-used datasets in NAS. On CIFAR-10, the optimal structure obtained by our method achieves the state-of-the-art $1.9$\% test error, while the search process is more than $1,000$ times faster (only $1.5$ GPU hours on a Tesla V100) than the state-of-the-art NAS algorithms. On ImageNet, our model achieves 75.2\% top-1 accuracy under the MobileNet settings, with a time cost of only $2$ GPU days that is $100\%$ acceleration over the fastest NAS algorithm. The code is available at \url{ this https URL} 

093__ Gaining Extra Supervision via Multi-task learning for Multi-Modal Video  Question Answering__arXiv:1905.13540
Author: Junyeong Kim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13540
 Abstract: This paper proposes a method to gain extra supervision via multi-task learning for multi-modal video question answering. Multi-modal video question answering is an important task that aims at the joint understanding of vision and language. However, establishing large scale dataset for multi-modal video question answering is expensive and the existing benchmarks are relatively small to provide sufficient supervision. To overcome this challenge, this paper proposes a multi-task learning method which is composed of three main components: (1) multi-modal video question answering network that answers the question based on the both video and subtitle feature, (2) temporal retrieval network that predicts the time in the video clip where the question was generated from and (3) modality alignment network that solves metric learning problem to find correct association of video and subtitle modalities. By simultaneously solving related auxiliary tasks with hierarchically shared intermediate layers, the extra synergistic supervisions are provided. Motivated by curriculum learning, multi task ratio scheduling is proposed to learn easier task earlier to set inductive bias at the beginning of the training. The experiments on publicly available dataset TVQA shows state-of-the-art results, and ablation studies are conducted to prove the statistical validity. error here, check on website.

095__ A Dataset for Form Understanding in Noisy Scanned Documents__arXiv:1905.13538
Author: Guillaume Jaume
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13538
 Abstract: In this paper, we present a new dataset for Form Understanding in Noisy Scanned Documents (FUNSD). Form Understanding (FoUn) aims at extracting and structuring the textual content of forms. The dataset comprises 200 fully annotated real scanned forms. The documents are noisy and exhibit large variabilities in their representation making FoUn a challenging task. The proposed dataset can be used for various tasks including text detection, optical character recognition (OCR), spatial layout analysis and entity labeling/linking. To the best of our knowledge this is the first publicly available dataset with comprehensive annotations addressing the FoUn task. We also present a set of baselines and introduce metrics to evaluate performance on the FUNSD dataset. The FUNSD dataset can be downloaded at this https URL io/FUNSD/. 

096__ Scaling Video Analytics on Constrained Edge Nodes__arXiv:1905.13536
Author: Christopher Canel
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13536
 Abstract: As video camera deployments continue to grow, the need to process large volumes of real-time data strains wide area network infrastructure. When per-camera bandwidth is limited, it is infeasible for applications such as traffic monitoring and pedestrian tracking to offload high-quality video streams to a datacenter. This paper presents FilterForward, a new edge-to-cloud system that enables datacenter-based applications to process content from thousands of cameras by installing lightweight edge filters that backhaul only relevant video frames. FilterForward introduces fast and expressive per-application microclassifiers that share computation to simultaneously detect dozens of events on computationally constrained edge nodes. Only matching events are transmitted to the cloud. Evaluation on two real-world camera feed datasets shows that FilterForward reduces bandwidth use by an order of magnitude while improving computational efficiency and event detection accuracy for challenging video content. 

097__ Quantum Mean Embedding of Probability Distributions__arXiv:1905.13526
Author: Jonas M. Kbler
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13526
 Abstract: The kernel mean embedding of probability distributions is commonly used in machine learning as an injective mapping from distributions to functions in an infinite dimensional Hilbert space. It allows us, for example, to define a distance measure between probability distributions, called maximum mean discrepancy (MMD). In this work, we propose to represent probability distributions in a pure quantum state of a system that is described by an infinite dimensional Hilbert space. This enables us to work with an explicit representation of the mean embedding, whereas classically one can only work implicitly with an infinite dimensional Hilbert space through the use of the kernel trick. We show how this explicit representation can speed up methods that rely on inner products of mean embeddings and discuss the theoretical and experimental challenges that need to be solved in order to achieve these speedups. 

098__ Improved Uncertainty  and Adversarial Robustness__arXiv:1905.13472
Author: Andrey Malinin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13472
 Abstract: Ensemble approaches for uncertainty estimation have recently been applied to the tasks of misclassification detection, out-of-distribution input detection and adversarial attack detection. Prior Networks have been proposed as an approach to efficiently emulating an ensemble of models by parameterising a Dirichlet prior distribution over output distributions. These models have been shown to outperform ensemble approaches, such as Monte-Carlo Dropout, on the task of out-of-distribution input detection. However, scaling Prior Networks to complex datasets with many classes is difficult using the training criteria originally proposed. This paper makes two contributions. Firstly, we show that the appropriate training criterion for Prior Networks is the reverse KL-divergence between Dirichlet distributions. Using this loss we successfully train Prior Networks on image classification datasets with up to 200 classes and improve out-of-distribution detection performance. Secondly, taking advantage of the new training criterion, this paper investigates using Prior Networks to detect adversarial attacks. It is shown that the construction of successful adaptive whitebox attacks, which affect the prediction and evade detection, against Prior Networks trained on CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100 takes a greater amount of computational effort than against standard neural networks, adversarially trained neural networks and dropout-defended networks. 

099__ An Empirical Investigation of Generalization and Transfer in  Reading Comprehension__arXiv:1905.13453
Author: Alon Talmor
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13453
 Abstract: A large number of reading comprehension (RC) datasets has been created recently, but little analysis has been done on whether they generalize to one another, and the extent to which existing datasets can be leveraged for improving performance on new ones. In this paper, we conduct such an investigation over ten RC datasets, training on one or more source RC datasets, and evaluating generalization, as well as transfer to a target RC dataset. We analyze the factors that contribute to generalization, and show that training on a source RC dataset and transferring to a target dataset substantially improves performance, even in the presence of powerful contextual representations from BERT (Devlin et al., 2019). We also find that training on multiple source RC datasets leads to robust generalization and transfer, and can reduce the cost of example collection for a new RC dataset. Following our analysis, we propose MultiQA, a BERT-based model, trained on multiple RC datasets, which leads to state-of-the-art performance on five RC datasets. We share our infrastructure for the benefit of the research community. 

100__ Ordinal Bucketing for Game Trees using Dynamic Quantile Approximation__arXiv:1905.13449
Author: Tobias Joppen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13449
 Abstract: In this paper, we present a simple and cheap ordinal bucketing algorithm that approximately generates $q$-quantiles from an incremental data stream. The bucketing is done dynamically in the sense that the amount of buckets $q$ increases with the number of seen samples. We show how this can be used in Ordinal Monte Carlo Tree Search (OMCTS) to yield better bounds on time and space complexity, especially in the presence of noisy rewards. Besides complexity analysis and quality tests of quantiles, we evaluate our method using OMCTS in the General Video Game Framework (GVGAI). Our results demonstrate its dominance over vanilla Monte Carlo Tree Search in the presence of noise, where OMCTS without bucketing has a very bad time and space complexity. 

101__ PAC-Bayesian Transportation Bound__arXiv:1905.13435
Author: Kohei Miyaguchi
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13435
 Abstract: We present a new generalization error bound, the \emph{PAC-Bayesian transportation bound}, unifying the PAC-Bayesian analysis and the generic chaining method in view of the optimal transportation. The proposed bound is the first PAC-Bayesian framework that characterizes the cost of de-randomization of stochastic predictors facing any Lipschitz loss functions. As an example, we give an upper bound on the de-randomization cost of spectrally normalized neural networks~(NNs) to evaluate how much randomness contributes to the generalization of NNs. 

102__ Privacy-Preserving Detection of IoT Devices Connected Behind a NAT in a  Smart Home Setup__arXiv:1905.13430
Author: Yair Meidan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13430
 Abstract: Today, telecommunication service providers (telcos) are exposed to cyber-attacks executed by compromised IoT devices connected to their customers' networks. Such attacks might have severe effects not only on the target of attacks but also on the telcos themselves. To mitigate those risks we propose a machine learning based method that can detect devices of specific vulnerable IoT models connected behind a domestic NAT, thereby identifying home networks that pose a risk to the telco's infrastructure and availability of services. As part of the effort to preserve the domestic customers' privacy, our method relies on NetFlow data solely, refraining from inspecting the payload. To promote future research in this domain we share our novel dataset, collected in our lab from numerous and various commercial IoT devices. 

103__ Constructive Type-Logical Supertagging with Self-Attention Networks__arXiv:1905.13418
Author: Konstantinos Kogkalidis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13418
 Abstract: We propose a novel application of self-attention networks towards grammar induction. We present an attention-based supertagger for a refined type-logical grammar, trained on constructing types inductively. In addition to achieving a high overall type accuracy, our model is able to learn the syntax of the grammar's type system along with its denotational semantics. This lifts the closed world assumption commonly made by lexicalized grammar supertaggers, greatly enhancing its generalization potential. This is evidenced both by its adequate accuracy over sparse word types and its ability to correctly construct complex types never seen during training, which, to the best of our knowledge, was as of yet unaccomplished. 

104__ Real-Time Adversarial Attacks__arXiv:1905.13399
Author: Yuan Gong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13399
 Abstract: In recent years, many efforts have demonstrated that modern machine learning algorithms are vulnerable to adversarial attacks, where small, but carefully crafted, perturbations on the input can make them fail. While these attack methods are very effective, they only focus on scenarios where the target model takes static input, i.e., an attacker can observe the entire original sample and then add a perturbation at any point of the sample. These attack approaches are not applicable to situations where the target model takes streaming input, i.e., an attacker is only able to observe past data points and add perturbations to the remaining (unobserved) data points of the input. In this paper, we propose a real-time adversarial attack scheme for machine learning models with streaming inputs. 

105__ Deep ordinal classification based on cumulative link models__arXiv:1905.13392
Author: Vctor-Manuel Vargas
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13392
 Abstract: This paper proposes a deep convolutional neural network model for ordinal regression by considering a family of probabilistic ordinal link functions in the output layer. The link functions are those used for cumulative link models, which are traditional statistical linear models based on projecting each pattern into a 1-dimensional space. A set of ordered thresholds splits this space into the different classes of the problem. In our case, the projections are estimated by a non-linear deep neural network. To further improve the results, we combine these ordinal models with a loss function that takes into account the distance between the categories, based on the weighted Kappa index. Three different link functions are studied in the experimental study, and the results are contrasted with statistical analysis. The experiments run over two different ordinal classification problems, and the statistical tests confirm that these models improve the results of a nominal model and outperform other proposals considered in the literature. 

106__ Rethinking Table Parsing using Graph Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.13391
Author: Shah Rukh Qasim
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13391
 Abstract: Document structure analysis, such as zone segmentation and table parsing, is a complex problem in document processing and is an active area of research. The recent success of deep learning in solving various computer vision and machine learning problems has not been reflected in document structure analysis since conventional neural networks are not well suited to the input structure of the problem. In this paper, we propose an architecture based on graph networks as a better alternative to standard neural networks for table parsing. We argue that graph networks are a more natural choice for these problems, and explore two gradient-based graph neural networks. Our proposed architecture combines the benefits of convolutional neural networks for visual feature extraction and graph networks for dealing with the problem structure. We empirically demonstrate that our method outperforms the baseline by a significant margin. In addition, we identify the lack of large scale datasets as a major hindrance for deep learning research for structure analysis, and present a new large scale synthetic dataset for the problem of table parsing. Finally, we open-source our implementation of dataset generation and the training framework of our graph networks to promote reproducible research in this direction. 

107__ Applications to Wireless  Resource Management__arXiv:1905.13378
Author: Hoon Lee
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13378
 Abstract: This paper studies a deep learning (DL) framework to solve distributed non-convex constrained optimizations in wireless networks where multiple computing nodes, interconnected via backhaul links, desire to determine an efficient assignment of their states based on local observations. Two different configurations are considered: First, an infinite-capacity backhaul enables nodes to communicate in a lossless way, thereby obtaining the solution by centralized computations. Second, a practical finite-capacity backhaul leads to the deployment of distributed solvers equipped along with quantizers for communication through capacity-limited backhaul. The distributed nature and the nonconvexity of the optimizations render the identification of the solution unwieldy. To handle them, deep neural networks (DNNs) are introduced to approximate an unknown computation for the solution accurately. In consequence, the original problems are transformed to training tasks of the DNNs subject to non-convex constraints where existing DL libraries fail to extend straightforwardly. A constrained training strategy is developed based on the primal-dual method. For distributed implementation, a novel binarization technique at the output layer is developed for quantization at each node. Our proposed distributed DL framework is examined in various network configurations of wireless resource management. Numerical results verify the effectiveness of our proposed approach over existing optimization techniques. 

108__ Threshold-Based Retrieval and Textual Entailment Detection on Legal Bar  Exam Questions__arXiv:1905.13350
Author: Sabine Wehnert
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13350
 Abstract: Getting an overview over the legal domain has become challenging, especially in a broad, international context. Legal question answering systems have the potential to alleviate this task by automatically retrieving relevant legal texts for a specific statement and checking whether the meaning of the statement can be inferred from the found documents. We investigate a combination of the BM25 scoring method of Elasticsearch with word embeddings trained on English translations of the German and Japanese civil law. For this, we define criteria which select a dynamic number of relevant documents according to threshold scores. Exploiting two deep learning classifiers and their respective prediction bias with a threshold-based answer inclusion criterion has shown to be beneficial for the textual entailment task, when compared to the baseline. 

109__ Managed & Model-less Inference Serving__arXiv:1905.13348
Author: Francisco Romero
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13348
 Abstract: The number of applications relying on inference from machine learning models is already large and expected to keep growing. For instance, Facebook applications issue tens-of-trillions of inference queries per day with varying performance, accuracy, and cost constraints. Unfortunately, existing inference serving systems are neither easy to use nor cost effective. Developers must manually match the performance, accuracy, and cost constraints of their applications to a large design space that includes decisions such as selecting the right model and model optimizations, selecting the right hardware architecture, selecting the right scale-out factor, and avoiding cold-start effects. These interacting decisions are difficult to make, especially when the application load varies over time, applications evolve over time, and the available resources vary over time. We present INFaaS, an inference-as-a-service system that abstracts resource management and model selection. Users simply specify their inference task along with any performance and accuracy requirements for queries. Given the currently available resources, INFaaS automatically selects and serves inference queries using a specific model that satisfies these requirements. INFaaS autoscales resources as model load changes both within and across inference workers. It also shares workers across users and models to increase utilization. We evaluate INFaaS using 44 model architectures and their 270 model variants against serving systems rely on users for model se push model variant section and pre-load models, fix the scale policy, or use dedicated hardware resources. Our evaluation on realistic workloads shows that INFaaS achieves 2$\times$ higher throughput and violates latency SLO goals 3$\times$ less frequently, while maintaining high utilization and having overheads that are less than 12% of millisecond-scale queries. 

110__ Applying Generative Adversarial Networks to Intelligent Subsurface  Imaging and Identification__arXiv:1905.13321
Author: William Rice
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13321
 Abstract: To augment training data for machine learning models in Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) data classification and identification, this thesis focuses on the generation of realistic GPR data using Generative Adversarial Networks. An innovative GAN architecture is proposed for generating GPR B-scans, which is, to the author's knowledge, the first successful application of GAN to GPR B-scans. As one of the major contributions, a novel loss function is formulated by merging frequency domain with time domain features. To test the efficacy of generated B-scans, a real time object classifier is proposed to measure the performance gain derived from augmented B-Scan images. The numerical experiment illustrated that, based on the augmented training data, the proposed GAN architecture demonstrated a significant increase (from $82\% to $98\%) in the accuracy of the object classifier. 

111__ Technical Report of the DAISY System -- Shooter Localization, Models,  Interface, and Beyond__arXiv:1905.13313
Author: Junwei Liang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13313
 Abstract: Nowadays a huge number of user-generated videos are uploaded to social media every second, capturing glimpses of events all over the world. These videos provide important and useful information for reconstructing the events. In this paper, we describe the DAISY system, enabled by established machine learning techniques and physics models, that can localize the shooter location only based on a couple of user-generated videos that capture the gun shot sound. The DAISY system utilizes machine learning techniques like video synchronization and gunshot temporal localization to organize the unstructured social media videos and quickly localize gunshot in the videos. It provides a web interface for human-in-the-loop verification to ensure accurate estimations. We present the results of estimating the shooter's location of the Las Vegas Shooting in 2017 and show that DAISY is able to get accurate location using only the first few shots. We then point out future directions that can help improve the system and further reduces human labor in the process. We publish all relevant source code including the web interface and machine learning models in the hope that such tool can be of use to help preserve life and get contributions from the research and software engineering community to make the tool better. 

112__ Machine Learning Methods for Shark Detection__arXiv:1905.13309
Author: Jordan F. Masakuna
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13309
 Abstract: This essay reviews human observer-based methods employed in shark spotting in Muizenberg Beach. It investigates Machine Learning methods for automated shark detection with the aim of enhancing human observation. A questionnaire and interview were used to collect information about shark spotting, the motivation of the actual Shark Spotter program and its limitations. We have defined a list of desirable properties for our model and chosen the adequate mathematical techniques. The preliminary results of the research show that we can expect to extract useful information from shark images despite the geometric transformations that sharks perform, its features do not change. To conclude, we have partially implemented our model; the remaining implementation requires dataset. 

113__ a Hierarchical and Compositional Dataset for  Interrogating Learned Representations__arXiv:1905.13308
Author: Jesse A. Livezey
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13308
 Abstract: Interpretable representations of data are useful for testing a hypothesis or to distinguish between multiple potential hypotheses about the data. In contrast, applied machine learning, and specifically deep learning (DL), is often used in contexts where performance is valued over interpretability. Indeed, deep networks (DNs) are often treated as ``black boxes'', and it is not well understood what and how they learn from a given dataset. This lack of understanding seriously hinders adoption of DNs as data analysis tools in science and poses numerous research questions. One problem is that current deep learning research datasets either have very little hierarchical structure or are too complex for their structure to be analyzed, impeding precise predictions of hierarchical representations. To address this gap, we present a benchmark dataset with known hierarchical and compositional structure and a set of methods for performing hypothesis-driven data analysis using DNs. The Hangul Fonts Dataset is composed of 35 fonts, each with 11,172 written syllables consisting of 19 initial consonants, 21 medial vowels, and 28 final consonants. The rules for combining and modifying individual Hangul characters into blocks can be encoded, with translation, scaling, and style variation that depend on precise block content, as well as naturalistic variation across fonts. Thus, the Hangul Fonts Dataset will provide an intermediate complexity dataset with well-defined, hierarchical features to interrogate learned representations. We first present a summary of the structure of the dataset. Using a set of unsupervised and supervised methods, we find that deep network representations contain structure related to the geometrical hierarchy of the characters. Our results lay the foundation for a better understanding of what deep networks learn from complex, structured datasets. 

114__ Real-time Approximate Bayesian Computation for Scene Understanding__arXiv:1905.13307
Author: Javier Felip
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13307
 Abstract: Consider scene understanding problems such as predicting where a person is probably reaching, or inferring the pose of 3D objects from depth images, or inferring the probable street crossings of pedestrians at a busy intersection. This paper shows how to solve these problems using Approximate Bayesian Computation. The underlying generative models are built from realistic simulation software, wrapped in a Bayesian error model for the gap between simulation outputs and real data. The simulators are drawn from off-the-shelf computer graphics, video game, and traffic simulation code. The paper introduces two techniques for speeding up inference that can be used separately or in combination. The first is to train neural surrogates of the simulators, using a simple form of domain randomization to make the surrogates more robust to the gap between the simulation and reality. The second is to adaptively discretize the latent variables using a Tree-pyramid approach adapted from computer graphics. This paper also shows performance and accuracy measurements on real-world problems, establishing that it is feasible to solve these problems in real-time. 

115__ Implicit Background Estimation for Semantic Segmentation__arXiv:1905.13306
Author: Charles Lehman
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13306
 Abstract: Scene understanding and semantic segmentation are at the core of many computer vision tasks, many of which, involve interacting with humans in potentially dangerous ways. It is therefore paramount that techniques for principled design of robust models be developed. In this paper, we provide analytic and empirical evidence that correcting potentially errant non-distinct mappings that result from the softmax function can result in improving robustness characteristics on a state-of-the-art semantic segmentation model with minimal impact to performance and minimal changes to the code base. 

116__ Deep Self-Semi-Supervised Learning for Image  Recognition__arXiv:1905.13305
Author: Tsung Wei Tsai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13305
 Abstract: Despite the recent progress in deep semi-supervised learning (Semi-SL), the amount of labels still plays a dominant role. The success in self-supervised learning (Self-SL) hints a promising direction to exploit the vast unlabeled data by leveraging an additional set of deterministic labels. In this paper, we propose Deep Self-Semi-Supervised learning (D$S^3$L), a flexible multi-task framework with shared parameters that integrates the rotation task in Self-SL with the consistency-based methods in deep Semi-SL. Our method is easy to implement and is complementary to all consistency-based approaches. The experiments demonstrate that our method significantly improves over the published state-of-the-art methods on several standard benchmarks, especially when fewer labels are presented. 

117__ Generative Imaging and Image Processing via Generative Encoder__arXiv:1905.13300
Author: Lin Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13300
 Abstract: This paper introduces a novel generative encoder (GE) model for generative imaging and image processing with applications in compressed sensing and imaging, image compression, denoising, inpainting, deblurring, and super-resolution. The GE model consists of a pre-training phase and a solving phase. In the pre-training phase, we separately train two deep neural networks: a generative adversarial network (GAN) with a generator $\G$ that captures the data distribution of a given image set, and an auto-encoder (AE) network with an encoder $\EN$ that compresses images following the estimated distribution by GAN. In the solving phase, given a noisy image $x=\mathcal{P}(x^*)$, where $x^*$ is the target unknown image, $\mathcal{P}$ is an operator adding an addictive, or multiplicative, or convolutional noise, or equivalently given such an image $x$ in the compressed domain, i.e., given $m=\EN(x)$, we solve the optimization problem \[ z^*=\underset{z}{\mathrm{argmin}} \|\EN(\G(z))-m\|_2^2+\lambda\|z\|_2^2 \] to recover the image $x^*$ in a generative way via $\hat{x}:=\G(z^*)\approx x^*$, where $\lambda>0$ is a hyperparameter. The GE model unifies the generative capacity of GANs and the stability of AEs in an optimization framework above instead of stacking GANs and AEs into a single network or combining their loss functions into one as in existing literature. Numerical experiments show that the proposed model outperforms several state-of-the-art algorithms. 

118__ Counting and Segmenting Sorghum Heads__arXiv:1905.13291
Author: Min-hwan Oh
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13291
 Abstract: Phenotyping is the process of measuring an organism's observable traits. Manual phenotyping of crops is a labor-intensive, time-consuming, costly, and error prone process. Accurate, automated, high-throughput phenotyping can relieve a huge burden in the crop breeding pipeline. In this paper, we propose a scalable, high-throughput approach to automatically count and segment panicles (heads), a key phenotype, from aerial sorghum crop imagery. Our counting approach uses the image density map obtained from dot or region annotation as the target with a novel deep convolutional neural network architecture. We also propose a novel instance segmentation algorithm using the estimated density map, to identify the individual panicles in the presence of occlusion. With real Sorghum aerial images, we obtain a mean absolute error (MAE) of 1.06 for counting which is better than using well-known crowd counting approaches such as CCNN, MCNN and CSRNet models. The instance segmentation model also produces respectable results which will be ultimately useful in reducing the manual annotation workload for future data. 

119__ Visual Wind Speed Prediction with a Coupled  Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Network__arXiv:1905.13290
Author: Jennifer L Cardona
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13290
 Abstract: Wind energy resource quantification, air pollution monitoring, and weather forecasting all rely on rapid, accurate measurement of local wind conditions. Visual observations of the effects of wind---the swaying of trees and flapping of flags, for example---encode information regarding local wind conditions that can potentially be leveraged for visual anemometry that is inexpensive and ubiquitous. Here, we demonstrate a coupled convolutional neural network and recurrent neural network architecture that extracts the wind speed encoded in visually recorded flow-structure interactions of a flag in naturally occurring wind. Predictions for wind speeds ranging from 0.75-11 m/s showed agreement with measurements from a cup anemometer on site, with a root-mean-square error approaching the natural wind speed variability due to atmospheric turbulence. Generalizability of the network was demonstrated by successful prediction of wind speed based on recordings of other flags in the field and in a controlled in wind tunnel test. Furthermore, physics-based scaling of the flapping dynamics accurately predicts the dependence of the network performance on the video frame rate and duration. 

120__ Langevin Monte Carlo without Smoothness__arXiv:1905.13285
Author: Niladri S. Chatterji
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13285
 Abstract: Langevin Monte Carlo (LMC) is an iterative algorithm used to generate samples from a distribution that is known only up to a normalizing constant. The nonasymptotic dependence of its mixing time on the dimension and target accuracy is understood only in the setting of smooth (gradient-Lipschitz) log-densities, a serious limitation for applications in machine learning. In this paper, we remove this limitation, providing polynomial-time convergence guarantees for a variant of LMC in the setting of nonsmooth log-concave distributions. At a high level, our results follow by leveraging the implicit smoothing of the log-density that comes from a small Gaussian perturbation that we add to the iterates of the algorithm and controlling the bias and variance that are induced by this perturbation. 

121__ Parallel Algorithm for Non-Monotone DR-Submodular Maximization__arXiv:1905.13272
Author: Alina Ene
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13272
 Abstract: In this work, we give a new parallel algorithm for the problem of maximizing a non-monotone diminishing returns submodular function subject to a cardinality constraint. For any desired accuracy $\epsilon$, our algorithm achieves a $1/e - \epsilon$ approximation using $O(\log{n} \log(1/\epsilon) / \epsilon^3)$ parallel rounds of function evaluations. The approximation guarantee nearly matches the best approximation guarantee known for the problem in the sequential setting and the number of parallel rounds is nearly-optimal for any constant $\epsilon$. Previous algorithms achieve worse approximation guarantees using $\Omega(\log^2{n})$ parallel rounds. Our experimental evaluation suggests that our algorithm obtains solutions whose objective value nearly matches the value obtained by the state of the art sequential algorithms, and it outperforms previous parallel algorithms in number of parallel rounds, iterations, and solution quality. 

122__ Learning Nearest Neighbor Graphs from Noisy Distance Samples__arXiv:1905.13267
Author: Blake Mason
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13267
 Abstract: We consider the problem of learning the nearest neighbor graph of a dataset of n items. The metric is unknown, but we can query an oracle to obtain a noisy estimate of the distance between any pair of items. This framework applies to problem domains where one wants to learn people's preferences from responses commonly modeled as noisy distance judgments. In this paper, we propose an active algorithm to find the graph with high probability and analyze its query complexity. In contrast to existing work that forces Euclidean structure, our method is valid for general metrics, assuming only symmetry and the triangle inequality. Furthermore, we demonstrate efficiency of our method empirically and theoretically, needing only O(n log(n)Delta^-2) queries in favorable settings, where Delta^-2 accounts for the effect of noise. Using crowd-sourced data collected for a subset of the UT Zappos50K dataset, we apply our algorithm to learn which shoes people believe are most similar and show that it beats both an active baseline and ordinal embedding. 

123__ Clustered Gaussian Graphical Model via Symmetric Convex Clustering__arXiv:1905.13251
Author: Tianyi Yao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13251
 Abstract: Knowledge of functional groupings of neurons can shed light on structures of neural circuits and is valuable in many types of neuroimaging studies. However, accurately determining which neurons carry out similar neurological tasks via controlled experiments is both labor-intensive and prohibitively expensive on a large scale. Thus, it is of great interest to cluster neurons that have similar connectivity profiles into functionally coherent groups in a data-driven manner. In this work, we propose the clustered Gaussian graphical model (GGM) and a novel symmetric convex clustering penalty in an unified convex optimization framework for inferring functional clusters among neurons from neural activity data. A parallelizable multi-block Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) algorithm is used to solve the corresponding convex optimization problem. In addition, we establish convergence guarantees for the proposed ADMM algorithm. Experimental results on both synthetic data and real-world neuroscientific data demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach. 

124__ Private Hypothesis Selection__arXiv:1905.13229
Author: Mark Bun
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.13229
 Abstract: We provide a differentially private algorithm for hypothesis selection. Given samples from an unknown probability distribution $P$ and a set of $m$ probability distributions $\mathcal{H}$, the goal is to output, in a $\varepsilon$-differentially private manner, a distribution from $\mathcal{H}$ whose total variation distance to $P$ is comparable to that of the best such distribution (which we denote by $\alpha$). The sample complexity of our basic algorithm is $O\left(\frac{\log m}{\alpha^2} + \frac{\log m}{\alpha \varepsilon}\right)$, representing a minimal cost for privacy when compared to the non-private algorithm. We also can handle infinite hypothesis classes $\mathcal{H}$ by relaxing to $(\varepsilon,\delta)$-differential privacy. We apply our hypothesis selection algorithm to give learning algorithms for a number of natural distribution classes, including Gaussians, product distributions, sums of independent random variables, piecewise polynomials, and mixture classes. Our hypothesis selection procedure allows us to generically convert a cover for a class to a learning algorithm, complementing known learning lower bounds which are in terms of the size of the packing number of the class. As the covering and packing numbers are often closely related, for constant $\alpha$, our algorithms achieve the optimal sample complexity for many classes of interest. Finally, we describe an application to private distribution-free PAC learning. 

125__ Preventing Body Shape Inference of Multi-Stage Approaches__arXiv:1905.11503
Author: Hosnieh Sattar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.11503
 Abstract: Modern approaches to pose and body shape estimation have recently achieved strong performance even under challenging real-world conditions. Even from a single image of a clothed person, a realistic looking body shape can be inferred that captures a users' weight group and body shape type well. This opens up a whole spectrum of applications -- in particular in fashion -- where virtual try-on and recommendation systems can make use of these new and automatized cues. However, a realistic depiction of the undressed body is regarded highly private and therefore might not be consented by most people. Hence, we ask if the automatic extraction of such information can be effectively evaded. While adversarial perturbations have been shown to be effective for manipulating the output of machine learning models -- in particular, end-to-end deep learning approaches -- state of the art shape estimation methods are composed of multiple stages. We perform the first investigation of different strategies that can be used to effectively manipulate the automatic shape estimation while preserving the overall appearance of the original image. 

126__ An Algorithmic Framework of Variable Metric Over-Relaxed Hybrid Proximal  Extra-Gradient Method__arXiv:1805.06137
Author: Li Shen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1805.06137
 Abstract: We propose a novel algorithmic framework of Variable Metric Over-Relaxed Hybrid Proximal Extra-gradient (VMOR-HPE) method with a global convergence guarantee for the maximal monotone operator inclusion problem. Its iteration complexities and local linear convergence rate are provided, which theoretically demonstrate that a large over-relaxed step-size contributes to accelerating the proposed VMOR-HPE as a byproduct. Specifically, we find that a large class of primal and primal-dual operator splitting algorithms are all special cases of VMOR-HPE. Hence, the proposed framework offers a new insight into these operator splitting algorithms. In addition, we apply VMOR-HPE to the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) generalized equation of linear equality constrained multi-block composite convex optimization, yielding a new algorithm, namely nonsymmetric Proximal Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers with a preconditioned Extra-gradient step in which the preconditioned metric is generated by a blockwise Barzilai-Borwein line search technique (PADMM-EBB). We also establish iteration complexities of PADMM-EBB in terms of the KKT residual. Finally, we apply PADMM-EBB to handle the nonnegative dual graph regularized low-rank representation problem. Promising results on synthetic and real datasets corroborate the efficacy of PADMM-EBB. 