------------------------------
Fri, May 10  2019
------------------------------
55 new papers today.

001__ an Empirical Study__arXiv:1905.03776
Author: Daniel S. Park
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03776
 Abstract: We investigate how the final parameters found by stochastic gradient descent are influenced by over-parameterization. We generate families of models by increasing the number of channels in a base network, and then perform a large hyper-parameter search to study how the test error depends on learning rate, batch size, and network width. We find that the optimal SGD hyper-parameters are determined by a "normalized noise scale," which is a function of the batch size, learning rate, and initialization conditions. In the absence of batch normalization, the optimal normalized noise scale is directly proportional to width. Wider networks, with their higher optimal noise scale, also achieve higher test accuracy. These observations hold for MLPs, ConvNets, and ResNets, and for two different parameterization schemes ("Standard" and "NTK"). We observe a similar trend with batch normalization for ResNets. Surprisingly, since the largest stable learning rate is bounded, the largest batch size consistent with the optimal normalized noise scale decreases as the width increases. 

002__ Data-dependent Sample Complexity of Deep Neural Networks via Lipschitz  Augmentation__arXiv:1905.03684
Author: Colin Wei
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03684
 Abstract: Existing Rademacher complexity bounds for neural networks rely only on norm control of the weight matrices and depend exponentially on depth via a product of the matrix norms. Lower bounds show that this exponential dependence on depth is unavoidable when no additional properties of the training data are considered. We suspect that this conundrum comes from the fact that these bounds depend on the training data only through the margin. In practice, many data-dependent techniques such as Batchnorm improve the generalization performance. We obtain tighter Rademacher complexity bounds by considering additional data-dependent properties of the network: the sizes of the hidden layers of the network, and the norms of the Jacobians of each layer with respect to the previous layers. Our bounds scale polynomially in depth when these empirical quantities are small, as is usually the case in practice. To obtain these bounds, we develop general tools for making a composition of functions Lipschitz by augmentation and then covering this augmented function. Inspired by our theory, we directly regularize the network's Jacobians during training and empirically demonstrate that this improves test performance. 

003__ Adversarial Defense Framework for Graph Neural Network__arXiv:1905.03679
Author: Shen Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03679
 Abstract: Graph neural network (GNN), as a powerful representation learning model on graph data, attracts much attention across various disciplines. However, recent studies show that GNN is vulnerable to adversarial attacks. How to make GNN more robust? What are the key vulnerabilities in GNN? How to address the vulnerabilities and defense GNN against the adversarial attacks? In this paper, we propose DefNet, an effective adversarial defense framework for GNNs. In particular, we first investigate the latent vulnerabilities in every layer of GNNs and propose corresponding strategies including dual-stage aggregation and bottleneck perceptron. Then, to cope with the scarcity of training data, we propose an adversarial contrastive learning method to train the GNN in a conditional GAN manner by leveraging the high-level graph representation. Extensive experiments on three public datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of \defmodel in improving the robustness of popular GNN variants, such as Graph Convolutional Network and GraphSAGE, under various types of adversarial attacks. 

004__ Proportionally Fair Clustering__arXiv:1905.03674
Author: Xingyu Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03674
 Abstract: We extend the fair machine learning literature by considering the problem of proportional centroid clustering in a metric context. For clustering $n$ points with $k$ centers, we define fairness as proportionality to mean that any $n/k$ points are entitled to form their own cluster if there is another center that is closer in distance for all $n/k$ points. We seek clustering solutions to which there are no such justified complaints from any subsets of agents, without assuming any a priori notion of protected subsets. We present and analyze algorithms to efficiently compute, optimize, and audit proportional solutions. We conclude with an empirical examination of the tradeoff between proportional solutions and the $k$-means objective. 

005__ Differentiable Approximation Bridges For Training Networks Containing  Non-Differentiable Functions__arXiv:1905.03658
Author: Jason Ramapuram
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03658
 Abstract: Modern neural network training relies on piece-wise (sub-)differentiable functions in order to use backpropation for efficient calculation of gradients. In this work, we introduce a novel method to allow for non-differentiable functions at intermediary layers of deep neural networks. We do so through the introduction of a differentiable approximation bridge (DAB) neural network which provides smooth approximations to the gradient of the non-differentiable function. We present strong empirical results (performing over 600 experiments) in three different domains: unsupervised (image) representation learning, image classification, and sequence sorting to demonstrate that our proposed method improves state of the art performance. We demonstrate that utilizing non-differentiable functions in unsupervised (image) representation learning improves reconstruction quality and posterior linear separability by 10%. We also observe an accuracy improvement of 77% in neural sequence sorting and a 25% improvement against the straight-through estimator [3] in an image classification setting with the sort non-linearity. This work enables the usage of functions that were previously not usable in neural networks. 

006__ Stochastic Iterative Hard Thresholding for Graph-structured Sparsity  Optimization__arXiv:1905.03652
Author: Baojian Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03652
 Abstract: Stochastic optimization algorithms update models with cheap per-iteration costs sequentially, which makes them amenable for large-scale data analysis. Such algorithms have been widely studied for structured sparse models where the sparsity information is very specific, e.g., convex sparsity-inducing norms or $\ell^0$-norm. However, these norms cannot be directly applied to the problem of complex (non-convex) graph-structured sparsity models, which have important application in disease outbreak and social networks, etc. In this paper, we propose a stochastic gradient-based method for solving graph-structured sparsity constraint problems, not restricted to the least square loss. We prove that our algorithm enjoys a linear convergence up to a constant error, which is competitive with the counterparts in the batch learning setting. We conduct extensive experiments to show the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed algorithms. 

007__ Unified Adversarial Invariance__arXiv:1905.03629
Author: Ayush Jaiswal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03629
 Abstract: We present a unified invariance framework for supervised neural networks that can induce independence to nuisance factors of data without using any nuisance annotations, but can additionally use labeled information about biasing factors to force their removal from the latent embedding for making fair predictions. Invariance to nuisance is achieved by learning a split representation of data through competitive training between the prediction task and a reconstruction task coupled with disentanglement, whereas that to biasing factors is brought about by penalizing the network if the latent embedding contains any information about them. We describe an adversarial instantiation of this framework and provide analysis of its working. Our model outperforms previous works at inducing invariance to nuisance factors without using any labeled information about such variables, and achieves state-of-the-art performance at learning independence to biasing factors in fairness settings. 

008__ Pretrain Soft Q-Learning with Imperfect Demonstrations__arXiv:1905.03501
Author: Xiaoqin Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03501
 Abstract: Pretraining reinforcement learning methods with demonstrations has been an important concept in the study of reinforcement learning since a large amount of computing power is spent on online simulations with existing reinforcement learning algorithms. Pretraining reinforcement learning remains a significant challenge in exploiting expert demonstrations whilst keeping exploration potentials, especially for value based methods. In this paper, we propose a pretraining method for soft Q-learning. Our work is inspired by pretraining methods for actor-critic algorithms since soft Q-learning is a value based algorithm that is equivalent to policy gradient. The proposed method is based on $\gamma$-discounted biased policy evaluation with entropy regularization, which is also the updating target of soft Q-learning. Our method is evaluated on various tasks from Atari 2600. Experiments show that our method effectively learns from imperfect demonstrations, and outperforms other state-of-the-art methods that learn from expert demonstrations. 

009__ A Robust Estimation Viewpoint__arXiv:1905.03493
Author: Sakshi Agarwal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03493
 Abstract: Deepfake detection is formulated as a hypothesis testing problem to classify an image as genuine or GAN-generated. A robust statistics view of GANs is considered to bound the error probability for various GAN implementations in terms of their performance. The bounds are further simplified using a Euclidean approximation for the low error regime. Lastly, relationships between error probability and epidemic thresholds for spreading processes in networks are established. 

010__ MAP Inference via L2-Sphere Linear Program Reformulation__arXiv:1905.03433
Author: Baoyuan Wu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03433
 Abstract: Maximum a posteriori (MAP) inference is an important task for graphical models. Due to complex dependencies among variables in realistic model, finding an exact solution for MAP inference is often intractable. Thus, many approximation methods have been developed, among which the linear programming (LP) relaxation based methods show promising performance. However, one major drawback of LP relaxation is that it is possible to give fractional solutions. Instead of presenting a tighter relaxation, in this work we propose a continuous but equivalent reformulation of the original MAP inference problem, called LS-LP. We add the L2-sphere constraint onto the original LP relaxation, leading to an intersected space with the local marginal polytope that is equivalent to the space of all valid integer label configurations. Thus, LS-LP is equivalent to the original MAP inference problem. We propose a perturbed alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm to optimize the LS-LP problem, by adding a sufficiently small perturbation epsilon onto the objective function and constraints. We prove that the perturbed ADMM algorithm globally converges to the epsilon-Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (epsilon-KKT) point of the LS-LP problem. The convergence rate will also be analyzed. Experiments on several benchmark datasets from Probabilistic Inference Challenge (PIC 2011) and OpenGM 2 show competitive performance of our proposed method against state-of-the-art MAP inference methods. 

011__ Unrestricted Adversarial Examples in Face  Recognition Systems__arXiv:1905.03421
Author: Kazuya Kakizaki
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03421
 Abstract: Thanks to recent advances in Deep Neural Networks (DNNs), face recognition systems have achieved high accuracy in classification of a large number of face images. However, recent works demonstrate that DNNs could be vulnerable to adversarial examples and raise concerns about robustness of face recognition systems. In particular adversarial examples that are not restricted to small perturbations could be more serious risks since conventional certified defenses might be ineffective against them. To shed light on the vulnerability of the face recognition systems to this type of adversarial examples, we propose a flexible and efficient method to generate unrestricted adversarial examples using image translation techniques. Our method enables us to translate a source into any desired facial appearance with large perturbations so that target face recognition systems could be deceived. We demonstrate through our experiments that our method achieves about $90\%$ and $30\%$ attack success rates under a white- and black-box setting, respectively. We also illustrate that our generated images are perceptually realistic and maintain personal identity while the perturbations are large enough to defeat certified defenses. 

012__ A deep learning approach for analyzing the composition of chemometric  data__arXiv:1905.03420
Author: Muhammad Bilal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03420
 Abstract: We propose novel deep learning based chemometric data analysis technique. We trained L2 regularized sparse autoencoder end-to-end for reducing the size of the feature vector to handle the classic problem of the curse of dimensionality in chemometric data analysis. We introduce a novel technique of automatic selection of nodes inside the hidden layer of an autoencoder through Pareto optimization. Moreover, Gaussian process regressor is applied on the reduced size feature vector for the regression. We evaluated our technique on orange juice and wine dataset and results are compared against 3 state-of-the-art methods. Quantitative results are shown on Normalized Mean Square Error (NMSE) and the results show considerable improvement in the state-of-the-art. 

013__ accelerating the  prediction of large-scale computational models__arXiv:1905.03406
Author: Francisco Sahli Costabal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03406
 Abstract: Machine learning techniques typically rely on large datasets to create accurate classifiers. However, there are situations when data is scarce and expensive to acquire. This is the case of studies that rely on state-of-the-art computational models which typically take days to run, thus hindering the potential of machine learning tools. In this work, we present a novel classifier that takes advantage of lower fidelity models and inexpensive approximations to predict the binary output of expensive computer simulations. We postulate an autoregressive model between the different levels of fidelity with Gaussian process priors. We adopt a fully Bayesian treatment for the hyper-parameters and use Markov Chain Mont Carlo samplers. We take advantage of the probabilistic nature of the classifier to implement active learning strategies. We also introduce a sparse approximation to enhance the ability of themulti-fidelity classifier to handle large datasets. We test these multi-fidelity classifiers against their single-fidelity counterpart with synthetic data, showing a median computational cost reduction of 23% for a target accuracy of 90%. In an application to cardiac electrophysiology, the multi-fidelity classifier achieves an F1 score, the harmonic mean of precision and recall, of 99.6% compared to 74.1% of a single-fidelity classifier when both are trained with 50 samples. In general, our results show that the multi-fidelity classifiers outperform their single-fidelity counterpart in terms of accuracy in all cases. We envision that this new tool will enable researchers to study classification problems that would otherwise be prohibitively expensive. Source code is available at this https URL 

014__ A Framework to Accelerate Training of Deep Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.03381
Author: Jiong Zhang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03381
 Abstract: Deep neural networks have yielded superior performance in many applications; however, the gradient computation in a deep model with millions of instances lead to a lengthy training process even with modern GPU/TPU hardware acceleration. In this paper, we propose AutoAssist, a simple framework to accelerate training of a deep neural network. Typically, as the training procedure evolves, the amount of improvement in the current model by a stochastic gradient update on each instance varies dynamically. In AutoAssist, we utilize this fact and design a simple instance shrinking operation, which is used to filter out instances with relatively low marginal improvement to the current model; thus the computationally intensive gradient computations are performed on informative instances as much as possible. We prove that the proposed technique outperforms vanilla SGD with existing importance sampling approaches for linear SVM problems, and establish an O(1/k) convergence for strongly convex problems. In order to apply the proposed techniques to accelerate training of deep models, we propose to jointly train a very lightweight Assistant network in addition to the original deep network referred to as Boss. The Assistant network is designed to gauge the importance of a given instance with respect to the current Boss such that a shrinking operation can be applied in the batch generator. With careful design, we train the Boss and Assistant in a nonblocking and asynchronous fashion such that overhead is minimal. We demonstrate that AutoAssist reduces the number of epochs by 40% for training a ResNet to reach the same test accuracy on an image classification data set and saves 30% training time needed for a transformer model to yield the same BLEU scores on a translation dataset. 

015__ Regression from Dependent Observations__arXiv:1905.03353
Author: Constantinos Daskalakis
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03353
 Abstract: The standard linear and logistic regression models assume that the response variables are independent, but share the same linear relationship to their corresponding vectors of covariates. The assumption that the response variables are independent is, however, too strong. In many applications, these responses are collected on nodes of a network, or some spatial or temporal domain, and are dependent. Examples abound in financial and meteorological applications, and dependencies naturally arise in social networks through peer effects. Regression with dependent responses has thus received a lot of attention in the Statistics and Economics literature, but there are no strong consistency results unless multiple independent samples of the vectors of dependent responses can be collected from these models. We present computationally and statistically efficient methods for linear and logistic regression models when the response variables are dependent on a network. Given one sample from a networked linear or logistic regression model and under mild assumptions, we prove strong consistency results for recovering the vector of coefficients and the strength of the dependencies, recovering the rates of standard regression under independent observations. We use projected gradient descent on the negative log-likelihood, or negative log-pseudolikelihood, and establish their strong convexity and consistency using concentration of measure for dependent random variables. 

016__ Enhancing Cross-task Transferability of Adversarial Examples with  Dispersion Reduction__arXiv:1905.03333
Author: Yunhan Jia
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03333
 Abstract: Neural networks are known to be vulnerable to carefully crafted adversarial examples, and these malicious samples often transfer, i.e., they maintain their effectiveness even against other models. With great efforts delved into the transferability of adversarial examples, surprisingly, less attention has been paid to its impact on real-world deep learning deployment. In this paper, we investigate the transferability of adversarial examples across a wide range of real-world computer vision tasks, including image classification, explicit content detection, optical character recognition (OCR), and object detection. It represents the cybercriminal's situation where an ensemble of different detection mechanisms need to be evaded all at once. We propose practical attack that overcomes existing attacks' limitation of requiring task-specific loss functions by targeting on the `dispersion' of internal feature map. We report evaluation on four different computer vision tasks provided by Google Cloud Vision APIs to show how our approach outperforms existing attacks by degrading performance of multiple CV tasks by a large margin with only modest perturbations. 

017__ Learning Embeddings into Entropic Wasserstein Spaces__arXiv:1905.03329
Author: Charlie Frogner
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03329
 Abstract: Euclidean embeddings of data are fundamentally limited in their ability to capture latent semantic structures, which need not conform to Euclidean spatial assumptions. Here we consider an alternative, which embeds data as discrete probability distributions in a Wasserstein space, endowed with an optimal transport metric. Wasserstein spaces are much larger and more flexible than Euclidean spaces, in that they can successfully embed a wider variety of metric structures. We exploit this flexibility by learning an embedding that captures semantic information in the Wasserstein distance between embedded distributions. We examine empirically the representational capacity of our learned Wasserstein embeddings, showing that they can embed a wide variety of metric structures with smaller distortion than an equivalent Euclidean embedding. We also investigate an application to word embedding, demonstrating a unique advantage of Wasserstein embeddings: We can visualize the high-dimensional embedding directly, since it is a probability distribution on a low-dimensional space. This obviates the need for dimensionality reduction techniques like t-SNE for visualization. 

018__ Data-Efficient Mutual Information Neural Estimator__arXiv:1905.03319
Author: Xiao Lin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03319
 Abstract: Measuring Mutual Information (MI) between high-dimensional, continuous, random variables from observed samples has wide theoretical and practical applications. While traditional MI methods, such as (Kraskov et al. 2004), capable of capturing MI between low-dimensional signals, they fall short when dimensionality increases and are not scalable. Existing neural approaches, such as MINE (Belghazi et al. 2018), searches for a d-dimensional neural network that maximizes a variational lower bound for mutual information estimation; however, this requires O(d log d) observed samples to prevent the neural network from overfitting. For practical mutual information estimation in real world applications, data is not always available at a surplus, especially in cases where acquisition of the data is prohibitively expensive, for example in fMRI analysis. We introduce a scalable, data-efficient mutual information estimator. By coupling a learning-based view of the MI lower bound with meta-learning, DEMINE achieves high-confidence estimations irrespective of network size and with improved accuracy at practical dataset sizes. We demonstrate the effectiveness of DEMINE on synthetic benchmarks as well as a real world application of fMRI inter-subject correlation analysis. 

019__ Learning Perceptual Similarity of Haptic Textures in  Presence of Unorderable Triplets__arXiv:1905.03302
Author: Priyadarshini K
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03302
 Abstract: In order to design haptic icons or build a haptic vocabulary, we require a set of easily distinguishable haptic signals to avoid perceptual ambiguity, which in turn requires a way to accurately estimate the perceptual (dis)similarity of such signals. In this work, we present a novel method to learn such a perceptual metric based on data from human studies. Our method is based on a deep neural network that projects signals to an embedding space where the natural Euclidean distance accurately models the degree of dissimilarity between two signals. The network is trained only on non-numerical comparisons of triplets of signals, using a novel triplet loss that considers both types of triplets that are easy to order (inequality constraints), as well as those that are unorderable/ambiguous (equality constraints). Unlike prior MDS-based non-parametric approaches, our method can be trained on a partial set of comparisons and can embed new haptic signals without retraining the model from scratch. Extensive experimental evaluations show that our method is significantly more effective at modeling perceptual dissimilarity than alternatives. 

020__ Interpretable Subgroup Discovery in Treatment Effect Estimation with  Application to Opioid Prescribing Guidelines__arXiv:1905.03297
Author: Chirag Nagpal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03297
 Abstract: The dearth of prescribing guidelines for physicians is one key driver of the current opioid epidemic in the United States. In this work, we analyze medical and pharmaceutical claims data to draw insights on characteristics of patients who are more prone to adverse outcomes after an initial synthetic opioid prescription. Toward this end, we propose a generative model that allows discovery from observational data of subgroups that demonstrate an enhanced or diminished causal effect due to treatment. Our approach models these sub-populations as a mixture distribution, using sparsity to enhance interpretability, while jointly learning nonlinear predictors of the potential outcomes to better adjust for confounding. The approach leads to human-interpretable insights on discovered subgroups, improving the practical utility for decision support 

021__ Reconstruction of Privacy-Sensitive Data from Protected Templates__arXiv:1905.03282
Author: Shideh Rezaeifar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03282
 Abstract: In this paper, we address the problem of data reconstruction from privacy-protected templates, based on recent concept of sparse ternary coding with ambiguization (STCA). The STCA is a generalization of randomization techniques which includes random projections, lossy quantization, and addition of ambiguization noise to satisfy the privacy-utility trade-off requirements. The theoretical privacy-preserving properties of STCA have been validated on synthetic data. However, the applicability of STCA to real data and potential threats linked to reconstruction based on recent deep reconstruction algorithms are still open problems. Our results demonstrate that STCA still achieves the claimed theoretical performance when facing deep reconstruction attacks for the synthetic i.i.d. data, while for real images special measures are required to guarantee proper protection of the templates. 

022__ Compositional Coding for Collaborative Filtering__arXiv:1905.03752
Author: Chenghao Liu
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03752
 Abstract: Efficiency is crucial to the online recommender systems. Representing users and items as binary vectors for Collaborative Filtering (CF) can achieve fast user-item affinity computation in the Hamming space, in recent years, we have witnessed an emerging research effort in exploiting binary hashing techniques for CF methods. However, CF with binary codes naturally suffers from low accuracy due to limited representation capability in each bit, which impedes it from modeling complex structure of the data. In this work, we attempt to improve the efficiency without hurting the model performance by utilizing both the accuracy of real-valued vectors and the efficiency of binary codes to represent users/items. In particular, we propose the Compositional Coding for Collaborative Filtering (CCCF) framework, which not only gains better recommendation efficiency than the state-of-the-art binarized CF approaches but also achieves even higher accuracy than the real-valued CF method. Specifically, CCCF innovatively represents each user/item with a set of binary vectors, which are associated with a sparse real-value weight vector. Each value of the weight vector encodes the importance of the corresponding binary vector to the user/item. The continuous weight vectors greatly enhances the representation capability of binary codes, and its sparsity guarantees the processing speed. Furthermore, an integer weight approximation scheme is proposed to further accelerate the speed. Based on the CCCF framework, we design an efficient discrete optimization algorithm to learn its parameters. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasets show that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art binarized CF methods (even achieves better performance than the real-valued CF method) by a large margin in terms of both recommendation accuracy and efficiency. 

023__ Interactive Image Generation Using Scene Graphs__arXiv:1905.03743
Author: Gaurav Mittal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03743
 Abstract: Recent years have witnessed some exciting developments in the domain of generating images from scene-based text descriptions. These approaches have primarily focused on generating images from a static text description and are limited to generating images in a single pass. They are unable to generate an image interactively based on an incrementally additive text description (something that is more intuitive and similar to the way we describe an image). We propose a method to generate an image incrementally based on a sequence of graphs of scene descriptions (scene-graphs). We propose a recurrent network architecture that preserves the image content generated in previous steps and modifies the cumulative image as per the newly provided scene information. Our model utilizes Graph Convolutional Networks (GCN) to cater to variable-sized scene graphs along with Generative Adversarial image translation networks to generate realistic multi-object images without needing any intermediate supervision during training. We experiment with Coco-Stuff dataset which has multi-object images along with annotations describing the visual scene and show that our model significantly outperforms other approaches on the same dataset in generating visually consistent images for incrementally growing scene graphs. 

024__ Best-scored Random Forest Density Estimation__arXiv:1905.03729
Author: Hanyuan Hang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03729
 Abstract: This paper presents a brand new nonparametric density estimation strategy named the best-scored random forest density estimation whose effectiveness is supported by both solid theoretical analysis and significant experimental performance. The terminology best-scored stands for selecting one density tree with the best estimation performance out of a certain number of purely random density tree candidates and we then name the selected one the best-scored random density tree. In this manner, the ensemble of these selected trees that is the best-scored random density forest can achieve even better estimation results than simply integrating trees without selection. From the theoretical perspective, by decomposing the error term into two, we are able to carry out the following analysis: First of all, we establish the consistency of the best-scored random density trees under $L_1$-norm. Secondly, we provide the convergence rates of them under $L_1$-norm concerning with three different tail assumptions, respectively. Thirdly, the convergence rates under $L_{\infty}$-norm is presented. Last but not least, we also achieve the above convergence rates analysis for the best-scored random density forest. When conducting comparative experiments with other state-of-the-art density estimation approaches on both synthetic and real data sets, it turns out that our algorithm has not only significant advantages in terms of estimation accuracy over other methods, but also stronger resistance to the curse of dimensionality. 

025__ Coresets for Minimum Enclosing Balls over Sliding Windows__arXiv:1905.03718
Author: Yanhao Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03718
 Abstract: \emph{Coresets} are important tools to generate concise summaries of massive datasets for approximate analysis. A coreset is a small subset of points extracted from the original point set such that certain geometric properties are preserved with provable guarantees. This paper investigates the problem of maintaining a coreset to preserve the minimum enclosing ball (MEB) for a sliding window of points that are continuously updated in a data stream. Although the problem has been extensively studied in batch and append-only streaming settings, no efficient sliding-window solution is available yet. In this work, we first introduce an algorithm, called AOMEB, to build a coreset for MEB in an append-only stream. AOMEB improves the practical performance of the state-of-the-art algorithm while having the same approximation ratio. Furthermore, using AOMEB as a building block, we propose two novel algorithms, namely SWMEB and SWMEB+, to maintain coresets for MEB over the sliding window with constant approximation ratios. The proposed algorithms also support coresets for MEB in a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). Finally, extensive experiments on real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate that SWMEB and SWMEB+ achieve speedups of up to four orders of magnitude over the state-of-the-art batch algorithm while providing coresets for MEB with rather small errors compared to the optimal ones. 

026__ Tuned Inception V3 for Recognizing States of Cooking Ingredients__arXiv:1905.03715
Author: Kin Ng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03715
 Abstract: Cooking is a task that must be performed in a daily basis, and thus it is an activity that many people take for granted. For humans preparing a meal comes naturally, but for robots even preparing a simple sandwich results in an extremely difficult task. In robotics, designing kitchen robots is complicated since cooking relies on a variety of physical interactions that are dependent on different conditions such as changes in the environment, proper execution of sequential instructions, along with motions, and detection of the different states in which cooking-ingredients can be in for their correct grasping and manipulation. In this paper, we focus on the challenge of state recognition and propose a fine tuned convolutional neural network that makes use of transfer learning by reusing the Inception V3 pre-trained model. The model is trained and validated on a cooking dataset consisting of eleven states (e.g. peeled, diced, whole, etc.). The work presented on this paper could provide insight into finding a potential solution to the problem. 

027__ Processing Megapixel Images with Deep Attention-Sampling Models__arXiv:1905.03711
Author: Angelos Katharopoulos
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03711
 Abstract: Existing deep architectures cannot operate on very large signals such as megapixel images due to computational and memory constraints. To tackle this limitation, we propose a fully differentiable end-to-end trainable model that samples and processes only a fraction of the full resolution input image. The locations to process are sampled from an attention distribution computed from a low resolution view of the input. We refer to our method as attention sampling and it can process images of several megapixels with a standard single GPU setup. We show that sampling from the attention distribution results in an unbiased estimator of the full model with minimal variance, and we derive an unbiased estimator of the gradient that we use to train our model end-to-end with a normal SGD procedure. This new method is evaluated on three classification tasks, where we show that it allows to reduce computation and memory footprint by an order of magnitude for the same accuracy as classical architectures. We also show the consistency of the sampling that indeed focuses on informative parts of the input images. 

028__ Bilinear discriminant feature line analysis for image feature extraction__arXiv:1905.03710
Author: Lijun Yan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03710
 Abstract: A novel bilinear discriminant feature line analysis (BDFLA) is proposed for image feature extraction. The nearest feature line (NFL) is a powerful classifier. Some NFL-based subspace algorithms were introduced recently. In most of the classical NFL-based subspace learning approaches, the input samples are vectors. For image classification tasks, the image samples should be transformed to vectors first. This process induces a high computational complexity and may also lead to loss of the geometric feature of samples. The proposed BDFLA is a matrix-based algorithm. It aims to minimise the within-class scatter and maximise the between-class scatter based on a two-dimensional (2D) NFL. Experimental results on two-image databases confirm the effectiveness. 

029__ A Systematic Literature  Review__arXiv:1905.03708
Author: Javad Ghofrani
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03708
 Abstract: Machine vision is critical to robotics due to a wide range of applications which rely on input from visual sensors such as autonomous mobile robots and smart production systems. To create the smart homes and systems of tomorrow, an overview about current challenges in the research field would be of use to identify further possible directions, created in a systematic and reproducible manner. In this work a systematic literature review was conducted covering research from the last 10 years. We screened 172 papers from four databases and selected 52 relevant papers. While robustness and computation time were improved greatly, occlusion and lighting variance are still the biggest problems faced. From the number of recent publications, we conclude that the observed field is of relevance and interest to the research community. Further challenges arise in many areas of the field. 

030__ Human Activity Recognition Using Visual Object Detection__arXiv:1905.03707
Author: Schalk Wilhelm Pienaar
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03707
 Abstract: Visual Human Activity Recognition (HAR) and data fusion with other sensors can help us at tracking the behavior and activity of underground miners with little obstruction. Existing models, such as Single Shot Detector (SSD), trained on the Common Objects in Context (COCO) dataset is used in this paper to detect the current state of a miner, such as an injured miner vs a non-injured miner. Tensorflow is used for the abstraction layer of implementing machine learning algorithms, and although it uses Python to deal with nodes and tensors, the actual algorithms run on C++ libraries, providing a good balance between performance and speed of development. The paper further discusses evaluation methods for determining the accuracy of the machine-learning and an approach to increase the accuracy of the detected activity/state of people in a mining environment, by means of data fusion. 

031__ Open Eye Dataset__arXiv:1905.03702
Author: Stephan J. Garbin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03702
 Abstract: We present a large scale data set, OpenEDS: Open Eye Dataset, of eye-images captured using a virtual-reality (VR) head mounted display mounted with two synchronized eyefacing cameras at a frame rate of 200 Hz under controlled illumination. This dataset is compiled from video capture of the eye-region collected from 152 individual participants and is divided into four subsets: (i) 12,759 images with pixel-level annotations for key eye-regions: iris, pupil and sclera (ii) 252,690 unlabelled eye-images, (iii) 91,200 frames from randomly selected video sequence of 1.5 seconds in duration and (iv) 143 pairs of left and right point cloud data compiled from corneal topography of eye regions collected from a subset, 143 out of 152, participants in the study. A baseline experiment has been evaluated on OpenEDS for the task of semantic segmentation of pupil, iris, sclera and background, with the mean intersectionover-union (mIoU) of 98.3 %. We anticipate that OpenEDS will create opportunities to researchers in the eye tracking community and the broader machine learning and computer vision community to advance the state of eye-tracking for VR applications. The dataset is available for download upon request at this https URL 

032__ Alignment-Free Cross-Sensor Fingerprint Matching based on the  Co-Occurrence of Ridge Orientations and Gabor-HoG Descriptor__arXiv:1905.03699
Author: Helala AlShehri
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03699
 Abstract: The existing automatic fingerprint verification methods are designed to work under the assumption that the same sensor is installed for enrollment and authentication (regular matching). There is a remarkable decrease in efficiency when one type of contact-based sensor is employed for enrolment and another type of contact-based sensor is used for authentication (cross-matching or fingerprint sensor interoperability problem,). The ridge orientation patterns in a fingerprint are invariant to sensor type. Based on this observation, we propose a robust fingerprint descriptor called the co-occurrence of ridge orientations (Co-Ror), which encodes the spatial distribution of ridge orientations. Employing this descriptor, we introduce an efficient automatic fingerprint verification method for cross-matching problem. Further, to enhance the robustness of the method, we incorporate scale based ridge orientation information through Gabor-HoG descriptor. The two descriptors are fused with canonical correlation analysis (CCA), and the matching score between two fingerprints is calculated using city-block distance. The proposed method is alignment-free and can handle the matching process without the need for a registration step. The intensive experiments on two benchmark databases (FingerPass and MOLF) show the effectiveness of the method and reveal its significant enhancement over the state-of-the-art methods such as VeriFinger (a commercial SDK), minutia cylinder-code (MCC), MCC with scale, and the thin-plate spline (TPS) model. The proposed research will help security agencies, service providers and law-enforcement departments to overcome the interoperability problem of contact sensors of different technology and interaction types. 

033__ A Step Towards the  Screenless Revolution__arXiv:1905.03698
Author: Yongshun Gong
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03698
 Abstract: Nowadays, almost all the online orders were placed through screened devices such as mobile phones, tablets, and computers. With the rapid development of the Internet of Things (IoT) and smart appliances, more and more screenless smart devices, e.g., smart speaker and smart refrigerator, appear in our daily lives. They open up new means of interaction and may provide an excellent opportunity to reach new customers and increase sales. However, not all the items are suitable for screenless shopping, since some items' appearance play an important role in consumer decision making. Typical examples include clothes, dolls, bags, and shoes. In this paper, we aim to infer the significance of every item's appearance in consumer decision making and identify the group of items that are suitable for screenless shopping. Specifically, we formulate the problem as a classification task that predicts if an item's appearance has a significant impact on people's purchase behavior. To solve this problem, we extract features from three different views, namely items' intrinsic properties, items' images, and users' comments, and collect a set of necessary labels via crowdsourcing. We then propose an iterative semi-supervised learning framework with three carefully designed loss functions. We conduct extensive experiments on a real-world transaction dataset collected from the online retail giant JD.com. Experimental results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method. 

034__ On Applying Machine Learning/Object Detection Models for Analysing  Digitally Captured Physical Prototypes from Engineering Design Projects__arXiv:1905.03697
Author: Jorgen F. Erichsen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03697
 Abstract: While computer vision has received increasing attention in computer science over the last decade, there are few efforts in applying this to leverage engineering design research. Existing datasets and technologies allow researchers to capture and access more observations and video files, hence analysis is becoming a limiting factor. Therefore, this paper is investigating the application of machine learning, namely object detection methods to aid in the analysis of physical porotypes. With access to a large dataset of digitally captured physical prototypes from early-stage development projects (5950 images from 850 prototypes), the authors investigate applications that can be used for analysing this dataset. The authors retrained two pre-trained object detection models from two known frameworks, the TensorFlow Object Detection API and Darknet, using custom image sets of images of physical prototypes. As a result, a proof-of-concept of four trained models are presented; two models for detecting samples of wood-based sheet materials and two models for detecting samples containing microcontrollers. All models are evaluated using standard metrics for object detection model performance and the applicability of using object detection models in engineering design research is discussed. Results indicate that the models can successfully classify the type of material and type of pre-made component, respectively. However, more work is needed to fully integrate object detection models in the engineering design analysis workflow. The authors also extrapolate that the use of object detection for analysing images of physical prototypes will substantially reduce the effort required for analysing large datasets in engineering design research. 

035__ Measuring similarity between geo-tagged videos using largest common view__arXiv:1905.03695
Author: Wei Ding
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03695
 Abstract: This paper presents a novel problem for discovering the similar trajectories based on the field of view (FoV) of the video data. The problem is important for many societal applications such as grouping moving objects, classifying geo-images, and identifying the interesting trajectory patterns. Prior work consider only either spatial locations or spatial relationship between two line-segments. However, these approaches show a limitation to find the similar moving objects with common views. In this paper, we propose new algorithm that can group both spatial locations and points of view to identify similar trajectories. We also propose novel methods that reduce the computational cost for the proposed work. Experimental results using real-world datasets demonstrates that the proposed approach outperforms prior work and reduces the computational cost. 

036__ Evaluation of Machine Learning Classifiers for Zero-Day Intrusion  Detection -- An Analysis on CIC-AWS-2018 dataset__arXiv:1905.03685
Author: Qianru Zhou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03685
 Abstract: Detecting Zero-Day intrusions has been the goal of Cybersecurity, especially intrusion detection for a long time. Machine learning is believed to be the promising methodology to solve that problem, numerous models have been proposed but a practical solution is still yet to come, mainly due to the limitation caused by the out-of-date open datasets available. In this paper, we take a deep inspection of the flow-based statistical data generated by CICFlowMeter, with six most popular machine learning classification models for Zero-Day attacks detection. The training dataset CIC-AWS-2018 Dataset contains fourteen types of intrusions, while the testing datasets contains eight different types of attacks. The six classification models are evaluated and cross validated on CIC-AWS-2018 Dataset for their accuracy in terms of false-positive rate, true-positive rate, and time overhead. Testing dataset, including eight novel (or Zero-Day) real-life attacks and benign traffic flows collected in real research production network are used to test the performance of the chosen decision tree classifier. Promising results are received with the accuracy as high as 100% and reasonable time overhead. We argue that with the statistical data collected from CICFlowMeter, simple machine learning models such as the decision tree classification could be able to take charge in detecting Zero-Day attacks. 

037__ A Bayesian Finite Mixture Model with Variable Selection for Data with  Mixed-type Variables__arXiv:1905.03680
Author: Shu Wang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03680
 Abstract: Finite mixture model is an important branch of clustering methods and can be applied on data sets with mixed types of variables. However, challenges exist in its applications. First, it typically relies on the EM algorithm which could be sensitive to the choice of initial values. Second, biomarkers subject to limits of detection (LOD) are common to encounter in clinical data, which brings censored variables into finite mixture model. Additionally, researchers are recently getting more interest in variable importance due to the increasing number of variables that become available for clustering. To address these challenges, we propose a Bayesian finite mixture model to simultaneously conduct variable selection, account for biomarker LOD and obtain clustering results. We took a Bayesian approach to obtain parameter estimates and the cluster membership to bypass the limitation of the EM algorithm. To account for LOD, we added one more step in Gibbs sampling to iteratively fill in biomarker values below or above LODs. In addition, we put a spike-and-slab type of prior on each variable to obtain variable importance. Simulations across various scenarios were conducted to examine the performance of this method. Real data application on electronic health records was also conducted. 

038__ Learning Loss for Active Learning__arXiv:1905.03677
Author: Donggeun Yoo
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03677
 Abstract: The performance of deep neural networks improves with more annotated data. The problem is that the budget for annotation is limited. One solution to this is active learning, where a model asks human to annotate data that it perceived as uncertain. A variety of recent methods have been proposed to apply active learning to deep networks but most of them are either designed specific for their target tasks or computationally inefficient for large networks. In this paper, we propose a novel active learning method that is simple but task-agnostic, and works efficiently with the deep networks. We attach a small parametric module, named "loss prediction module," to a target network, and learn it to predict target losses of unlabeled inputs. Then, this module can suggest data that the target model is likely to produce a wrong prediction. This method is task-agnostic as networks are learned from a single loss regardless of target tasks. We rigorously validate our method through image classification, object detection, and human pose estimation, with the recent network architectures. The results demonstrate that our method consistently outperforms the previous methods over the tasks. 

039__ Self-Supervised Semi-Supervised Learning__arXiv:1905.03670
Author: Xiaohua Zhai
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03670
 Abstract: This work tackles the problem of semi-supervised learning of image classifiers. Our main insight is that the field of semi-supervised learning can benefit from the quickly advancing field of self-supervised visual representation learning. Unifying these two approaches, we propose the framework of self-supervised semi-supervised learning ($S^4L$) and use it to derive two novel semi-supervised image classification methods. We demonstrate the effectiveness of these methods in comparison to both carefully tuned baselines, and existing semi-supervised learning methods. We then show that $S^4L$ and existing semi-supervised methods can be jointly trained, yielding a new state-of-the-art result on semi-supervised ILSVRC-2012 with 10% of labels. 

040__ Simulating Problem Difficulty in Arithmetic Cognition Through Dynamic  Connectionist Models__arXiv:1905.03617
Author: Sungjae Cho
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03617
 Abstract: The present study aims to investigate similarities between how humans and connectionist models experience difficulty in arithmetic problems. Problem difficulty was operationalized by the number of carries involved in solving a given problem. Problem difficulty was measured in humans by response time, and in models by computational steps. The present study found that both humans and connectionist models experience difficulty similarly when solving binary addition and subtraction. Specifically, both agents found difficulty to be strictly increasing with respect to the number of carries. Another notable similarity is that problem difficulty increases more steeply in subtraction than in addition, for both humans and connectionist models. Further investigation on two model hyperparameters --- confidence threshold and hidden dimension --- shows higher confidence thresholds cause the model to take more computational steps to arrive at the correct answer. Likewise, larger hidden dimensions cause the model to take more computational steps to correctly answer arithmetic problems; however, this effect by hidden dimensions is negligible. 

041__ A Novel Adaptive Kernel for the RBF Neural Networks__arXiv:1905.03546
Author: Shujaat Khan
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03546
 Abstract: In this paper, we propose a novel adaptive kernel for the radial basis function (RBF) neural networks. The proposed kernel adaptively fuses the Euclidean and cosine distance measures to exploit the reciprocating properties of the two. The proposed framework dynamically adapts the weights of the participating kernels using the gradient descent method thereby alleviating the need for predetermined weights. The proposed method is shown to outperform the manual fusion of the kernels on three major problems of estimation namely nonlinear system identification, pattern classification and function approximation. 

042__ Mitigating Deep Learning Vulnerabilities from Adversarial Examples  Attack in the Cybersecurity Domain__arXiv:1905.03517
Author: Chris Einar San Agustin
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03517
 Abstract: Deep learning models are known to solve classification and regression problems by employing a number of epoch and training samples on a large dataset with optimal accuracy. However, that doesn't mean they are attack-proof or unexposed to vulnerabilities. Newly deployed systems particularly on a public environment (i.e public networks) are vulnerable to attacks from various entities. Moreover, published research on deep learning systems (Goodfellow et al., 2014) have determined a significant number of attacks points and a wide array of attack surface that has evidence of exploitation from adversarial examples. Successful exploit on these systems could lead to critical real world repercussions. For instance, (1) an adversarial attack on a self-driving car running a deep reinforcement learning system yields a direct misclassification on humans causing untoward accidents.(2) a self-driving vehicle misreading a red light signal may cause the car to crash to another car (3) misclassification of a pedestrian lane as an intersection lane that could lead to car crashes. This is just the tip of the iceberg, computer vision deployment are not entirely focused on self-driving cars but on many other areas as well - that would have definitive impact on the real-world. These vulnerabilities must be mitigated at an early stage of development. It is imperative to develop and implement baseline security standards at a global level prior to real-world deployment. 

043__ Bidirectional RNN-based Few-shot Training for Detecting Multi-stage  Attack__arXiv:1905.03454
Author: Di Zhao
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03454
 Abstract: "Feint Attack", as a new type of APT attack, has become the focus of attention. It adopts a multi-stage attacks mode which can be concluded as a combination of virtual attacks and real attacks. Under the cover of virtual attacks, real attacks can achieve the real purpose of the attacker, as a result, it often caused huge losses inadvertently. However, to our knowledge, all previous works use common methods such as Causal-Correlation or Cased-based to detect outdated multi-stage attacks. Few attentions have been paid to detect the "Feint Attack", because the difficulty of detection lies in the diversification of the concept of "Feint Attack" and the lack of professional datasets, many detection methods ignore the semantic relationship in the attack. Aiming at the existing challenge, this paper explores a new method to solve the problem. In the attack scenario, the fuzzy clustering method based on attribute similarity is used to mine multi-stage attack chains. Then we use a few-shot deep learning algorithm (SMOTE&CNN-SVM) and bidirectional Recurrent Neural Network model (Bi-RNN) to obtain the "Feint Attack" chains. "Feint Attack" is simulated by the real attack inserted in the normal causal attack chain, and the addition of the real attack destroys the causal relationship of the original attack chain. So we used Bi-RNN coding to obtain the hidden feature of "Feint Attack" chain. In the end, our method achieved the goal to detect the "Feint Attack" accurately by using the LLDoS1.0 and LLDoS2.0 of DARPA2000 and CICIDS2017 of Canadian Institute for Cybersecurity. 

044__ Path Design for Cellular-Connected UAV with Reinforcement Learning__arXiv:1905.03440
Author: Yong Zeng
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03440
 Abstract: This paper studies the path design problem for cellular-connected unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), which aims to minimize its mission completion time while maintaining good connectivity with the cellular network. We first argue that the conventional path design approach via formulating and solving optimization problems faces several practical challenges, and then propose a new reinforcement learning-based UAV path design algorithm by applying \emph{temporal-difference} method to directly learn the \emph{state-value function} of the corresponding Markov Decision Process. The proposed algorithm is further extended by using linear function approximation with tile coding to deal with large state space. The proposed algorithms only require the raw measured or simulation-generated signal strength as the input and are suitable for both online and offline implementations. Numerical results show that the proposed path designs can successfully avoid the coverage holes of cellular networks even in the complex urban environment. 

045__ Two-stage Best-scored Random Forest for Large-scale Regression__arXiv:1905.03438
Author: Hanyuan Hang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03438
 Abstract: We propose a novel method designed for large-scale regression problems, namely the two-stage best-scored random forest (TBRF). "Best-scored" means to select one regression tree with the best empirical performance out of a certain number of purely random regression tree candidates, and "two-stage" means to divide the original random tree splitting procedure into two: In stage one, the feature space is partitioned into non-overlapping cells; in stage two, child trees grow separately on these cells. The strengths of this algorithm can be summarized as follows: First of all, the pure randomness in TBRF leads to the almost optimal learning rates, and also makes ensemble learning possible, which resolves the boundary discontinuities long plaguing the existing algorithms. Secondly, the two-stage procedure paves the way for parallel computing, leading to computational efficiency. Last but not least, TBRF can serve as an inclusive framework where different mainstream regression strategies such as linear predictor and least squares support vector machines (LS-SVMs) can also be incorporated as value assignment approaches on leaves of the child trees, depending on the characteristics of the underlying data sets. Numerical assessments on comparisons with other state-of-the-art methods on several large-scale real data sets validate the promising prediction accuracy and high computational efficiency of our algorithm. 

046__ Deep Learning Acceleration Techniques for Real Time Mobile Vision  Applications__arXiv:1905.03418
Author: Gael Kamdem De Teyou
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03418
 Abstract: Deep Learning (DL) has become a crucial technology for Artificial Intelligence (AI). It is a powerful technique to automatically extract high-level features from complex data which can be exploited for applications such as computer vision, natural language processing, cybersecurity, communications, and so on. For the particular case of computer vision, several algorithms like object detection in real time videos have been proposed and they work well on Desktop GPUs and distributed computing platforms. However these algorithms are still heavy for mobile and embedded visual applications. The rapid spreading of smart portable devices and the emerging 5G network are introducing new smart multimedia applications in mobile environments. As a consequence, the possibility of implementing deep neural networks to mobile environments has attracted a lot of researchers. This paper presents emerging deep learning acceleration techniques that can enable the delivery of real time visual recognition into the hands of end users, anytime and anywhere. error here, check on website.

048__ Learning to Evolve__arXiv:1905.03389
Author: Jan Schuchardt
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03389
 Abstract: Evolution and learning are two of the fundamental mechanisms by which life adapts in order to survive and to transcend limitations. These biological phenomena inspired successful computational methods such as evolutionary algorithms and deep learning. Evolution relies on random mutations and on random genetic recombination. Here we show that learning to evolve, i.e. learning to mutate and recombine better than at random, improves the result of evolution in terms of fitness increase per generation and even in terms of attainable fitness. We use deep reinforcement learning to learn to dynamically adjust the strategy of evolutionary algorithms to varying circumstances. Our methods outperform classical evolutionary algorithms on combinatorial and continuous optimization problems. 

049__ Embarrassingly Shallow Autoencoders for Sparse Data__arXiv:1905.03375
Author: Harald Steck
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03375
 Abstract: Combining simple elements from the literature, we define a linear model that is geared toward sparse data, in particular implicit feedback data for recommender systems. We show that its training objective has a closed-form solution, and discuss the resulting conceptual insights. Surprisingly, this simple model achieves better ranking accuracy than various state-of-the-art collaborative-filtering approaches, including deep non-linear models, on most of the publicly available data-sets used in our experiments. 

050__ Improved Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping using 3D Generative  Adversarial Networks with Increased Receptive Field__arXiv:1905.03356
Author: Yicheng Chen
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03356
 Abstract: Quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM) is a powerful MRI technique that has shown great potential in quantifying tissue susceptibility in numerous neurological disorders. However, the intrinsic ill-posed dipole inversion problem greatly affects the accuracy of the susceptibility map. We proposed QSMGAN: a 3D deep convolutional neural network approach based on improved U-Net with increased phase receptive field and further refined the network using the WGAN-GP training strategy. Our method could generate accurate and realistic QSM from single orientation phase maps efficiently and performed significantly better than traditional non-learning-based dipole inversion algorithms. 

051__ Bayesian Optimization using Deep Gaussian Processes__arXiv:1905.03350
Author: Ali Hebbal
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03350
 Abstract: Bayesian Optimization using Gaussian Processes is a popular approach to deal with the optimization of expensive black-box functions. However, because of the a priori on the stationarity of the covariance matrix of classic Gaussian Processes, this method may not be adapted for non-stationary functions involved in the optimization problem. To overcome this issue, a new Bayesian Optimization approach is proposed. It is based on Deep Gaussian Processes as surrogate models instead of classic Gaussian Processes. This modeling technique increases the power of representation to capture the non-stationarity by simply considering a functional composition of stationary Gaussian Processes, providing a multiple layer structure. This paper proposes a new algorithm for Global Optimization by coupling Deep Gaussian Processes and Bayesian Optimization. The specificities of this optimization method are discussed and highlighted with academic test cases. The performance of the proposed algorithm is assessed on analytical test cases and an aerospace design optimization problem and compared to the state-of-the-art stationary and non-stationary Bayesian Optimization approaches. 

052__ Universal Sound Separation__arXiv:1905.03330
Author: Ilya Kavalerov
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03330
 Abstract: Recent deep learning approaches have achieved impressive performance on speech enhancement and separation tasks. However, these approaches have not been investigated for separating mixtures of arbitrary sounds of different types, a task we refer to as universal sound separation, and it is unknown whether performance on speech tasks carries over to non-speech tasks. To study this question, we develop a universal dataset of mixtures containing arbitrary sounds, and use it to investigate the space of mask-based separation architectures, varying both the overall network architecture and the framewise analysis-synthesis basis for signal transformations. These network architectures include convolutional long short-term memory networks and time-dilated convolution stacks inspired by the recent success of time-domain enhancement networks like ConvTasNet. For the latter architecture, we also propose novel modifications that further improve separation performance. In terms of the framewise analysis-synthesis basis, we explore using either a short-time Fourier transform (STFT) or a learnable basis, as used in ConvTasNet, and for both of these bases, we examine the effect of window size. In particular, for STFTs, we find that longer windows (25-50 ms) work best for speech/non-speech separation, while shorter windows (2.5 ms) work best for arbitrary sounds. For learnable bases, shorter windows (2.5 ms) work best on all tasks. Surprisingly, for universal sound separation, STFTs outperform learnable bases. Our best methods produce an improvement in scale-invariant signal-to-distortion ratio of over 13 dB for speech/non-speech separation and close to 10 dB for universal sound separation. 

053__ Importance Weighted Hierarchical Variational Inference__arXiv:1905.03290
Author: Artem Sobolev
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.03290
 Abstract: Variational Inference is a powerful tool in the Bayesian modeling toolkit, however, its effectiveness is determined by the expressivity of the utilized variational distributions in terms of their ability to match the true posterior distribution. In turn, the expressivity of the variational family is largely limited by the requirement of having a tractable density function. To overcome this roadblock, we introduce a new family of variational upper bounds on a marginal log density in the case of hierarchical models (also known as latent variable models). We then give an upper bound on the Kullback-Leibler divergence and derive a family of increasingly tighter variational lower bounds on the otherwise intractable standard evidence lower bound for hierarchical variational distributions, enabling the use of more expressive approximate posteriors. We show that previously known methods, such as Hierarchical Variational Models, Semi-Implicit Variational Inference and Doubly Semi-Implicit Variational Inference can be seen as special cases of the proposed approach, and empirically demonstrate superior performance of the proposed method in a set of experiments. 

054__ Masked Sequence to Sequence Pre-training for Language Generation__arXiv:1905.02450
Author: Kaitao Song
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1905.02450
 Abstract: Pre-training and fine-tuning, e.g., BERT, have achieved great success in language understanding by transferring knowledge from rich-resource pre-training task to the low/zero-resource downstream tasks. Inspired by the success of BERT, we propose MAsked Sequence to Sequence pre-training (MASS) for the encoder-decoder based language generation tasks. MASS adopts the encoder-decoder framework to reconstruct a sentence fragment given the remaining part of the sentence: its encoder takes a sentence with randomly masked fragment (several consecutive tokens) as input, and its decoder tries to predict this masked fragment. In this way, MASS can jointly train the encoder and decoder to develop the capability of representation extraction and language modeling. By further fine-tuning on a variety of zero/low-resource language generation tasks, including neural machine translation, text summarization and conversational response generation (3 tasks and totally 8 datasets), MASS achieves significant improvements over the baselines without pre-training or with other pre-training methods. Specially, we achieve the state-of-the-art accuracy (37.5 in terms of BLEU score) on the unsupervised English-French translation, even beating the early attention-based supervised model. 

055__ Adversarial Attack and Defense on Point Sets__arXiv:1902.10899
Author: Jiancheng Yang
PDF:http://export.arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10899
 Abstract: Emergence of the utility of 3D point cloud data in critical vision tasks (e.g., ADAS) urges researchers to pay more attention to the robustness of 3D representations and deep networks. To this end, we develop an attack and defense scheme, dedicated to 3D point cloud data, for preventing 3D point clouds from manipulated as well as pursuing noise-tolerable 3D representation. A set of novel 3D point cloud attack operations are proposed via pointwise gradient perturbation and adversarial point attachment / detachment. We then develop a flexible perturbation-measurement scheme for 3D point cloud data to detect potential attack data or noisy sensing data. Extensive experimental results on common point cloud benchmarks demonstrate the validity of the proposed 3D attack and defense framework. 